https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Oswego_Hotel.htm
The Oswego Hotel, Victoria | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 The Oswego Hotel The Oswego Hotel Hotel 500 Oswego Street, Victoria, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 933 reviews 8.8 C$ 202 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Oswego Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Oswego Hotel The Oswego Hotel provides modern 4-star accommodation in Victoria. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to sightsee in the area. This elegant hotel provides an express check-in an... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.0 km Rating 8.8 Nearest airport Victoria Intl Distance to airport 25.5 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 250 940 7500 All policies Amenities at The Oswego Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Electric kettle Entire unit located on ground floor Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Fan Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Garden view Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Inner courtyard view Process in place to check health of guests Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Kitchen 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Quiet street view Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Blender Elevator Shampoo Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Oven Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Additional bathroom Microwave Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Soundproofing Spa bath Stovetop Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Carpeted Tile/marble floor CD player Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Services Business centre Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to The Oswego Hotel Top Victoria hotels Fairmont Empress 8.1 Excellent 721 Government Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map This Forbes Four-Star, 4-Diamond property offers 464 beautifully appointed guest rooms and suites, Willow Stream Spa with signature West Coast experiences, Outdoor dining on the Q Veranda featuring Pacific Northwest cuisine and award winning wine list, and Q Bar's regionally focused cocktail culture. Located on Vancouver Island, Canada's Castle on the Coast is the ideal starting point to explore British Columbia's stunning natural beauty. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA 8.0 Excellent 146 Kingston Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map The Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA puts you on the waterfront in the heart of British Columbias capital city. Our hotel offers 132 spacious rooms and suites with most featuring captivating views. On-site amenities include an indoor/outdoor pool, exercise room, whirlpool and sauna. At the Blue Crab Seafood House guests can enjoy fabulous westcoast cuisine. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Bear Mountain Golf Resort & Spa, Victoria 7.5 Good 1999 Country Club Way, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map Surrounded by lush golf greens and Vancouver Island's rugged mountains, The Westin Bear Mountain Golf Resort & Spa, Victoria offers stunning natural beauty and upscale comforts. Located in Langford, a short distance from Victoria, BC, our hotel places you eight kilometers from Thetis Lake Regional Park. Test your skills at the resort's two golf courses or indulge in a beauty or wellness treatment at Amatista Spa. Find your sanctuary in Langford near Victoria, BC, at The Westin Bear Mountain Golf Resort & Spa, Victoria. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Grand Pacific 8.3 Excellent 463 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Grand Pacific, you'll be centrally located in Victoria, steps from Victoria Harbour and 3 minutes by foot from Government Street. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Victoria? This hotel has 10000 square feet (929 square meters) of space consisting of a conference center and a meeting room. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 195 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Victoria Hotels closest to The Oswego Hotel Best Western Plus Inner Harbour 7.8 Good 412 Quebec Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Victoria, Best Western PLUS Inner Harbour Hotel is a short walk from British Columbia Parliament Buildings and provides an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is located a short stroll from the Royal British Columbia Museum and IMAX Victoria. C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Huntingdon Manor Hotel 7.7 Good 330 Quebec Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Huntingdon Manor Hotel is located in Victoria and is close to the area's popular attractions. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and a kids club. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Pendray Inn and Tea House 8.5 Excellent 309 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated close to Victoria Railway Station, this historic bed and breakfast is a convenient base for those wanting to discover Victoria and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals Royal Scot Hotel & Suites 8.3 Excellent 425 Quebec Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Royal Scot Hotel & Suites provides modern accommodation in Victoria and is within walking distance of Victoria Railway Station. It also offers a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 161 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Victoria hotels Ocean Island Inn | Backpackers | Suites 6.9 Good 791 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada This Victoria hostel is set two minutes from BC Ferries, and provides relaxed accommodation. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Victoria Railway Station. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals Island Travel Inn 5.3 Okay 1850 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Island Travel Inn is located in Victoria and is close to the area's popular attractions. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Arbutus Inn 7.6 Good 2898 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist hot spots, shops and eateries, Arbutus Inn is ideal for guests wanting to discover Victoria and its surroundings. It also provides free public parking on site and Christ Church Cathedral is a 10-minute drive away. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn Victoria Uptown 7.5 Good 229 Gorge Road East, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated in Victoria, Days Inn by Wyndham Victoria Uptown offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a heated pool and a sauna. Guests can also take advantage of free wireless internet throughout their stay. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Victoria Recommended hotels The Craigmyle 8.1 Excellent 1037 Craigdarroch Road, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada The Craigmyle provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Victoria. A short stroll from Art Gallery of Greater Victoria, it offers individually-decorated rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Cherry Tree Inn 7.4 Good 4879 Cherry Tree Bend, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 9.5 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Conveniently based and providing free Wi-Fi, this comfortable motel is an easy drive from Victoria. It is also minutes from Saanich's well-known attractions. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites 8.9 Excellent 1234 Wharf Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites is located in Victoria and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It features modern rooms with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 264 Avg. per night View Deals Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa 8.9 Excellent 849 Verdier Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 18.2 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa is located on Vancouver Island and provides 4-star accommodation in addition to a Jacuzzi and a rooftop terrace. It also offers a swimming pool, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 256 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Oswego Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.8 GreatBased on 933 verified guest reviews 8.8Couples 8.5Solo 8.7Friends 8.8Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date A 7.6 Good Anonymous, Oct. 2017 Parking was quite expensive. We had a small bite to eat on arrival which was ok , but breakfast was really forgettable and we ended up organising our own breakfast in the room We were somehow booked into a very large suite, when I asked about this the information was not very helpful and so made our stay more expensive than necessary Photos of The Oswego Hotel All photos (41) Bedroom (6) Restaurant (5) Other (4) Building (3) Where is The Oswego Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Victoria Harbour0.4 km Victoria Fisherman's Wharf0.6 km Fisherman's Wharf Park0.6 km Open Space Arts Society0.7 km Save-On-Foods Memorial Centre1.6 km Bear Mountain Golf Club13.0 km Getting Around Victoria Ferry0.2 km Victoria Bus Station0.7 km Victoria Douglas at View0.9 km Victoria Douglas at Discovery1.5 km Victoria Douglas at Kings2.0 km Victoria Douglas at Finlayson2.8 km FAQs when booking at The Oswego Hotel Is pricing at The Oswego Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in Victoria? In Victoria, the average nightly rate for 4 stars hotels is C$ 256. The expected nightly rate for The Oswego Hotel is around C$ 189; a price that is 45% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers The Oswego Hotel to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 4 stars hotel in Victoria. How close is The Oswego Hotel to the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport? With a distance of 0.5 km between The Oswego Hotel and the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 01m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to The Oswego Hotel? For the most freedom while visiting Victoria, consider renting a car for about C$ 34/day and parking it at The Oswego Hotel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is The Oswego Hotel considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at The Oswego Hotel. How close is The Oswego Hotel from the Victoria city center? The center of James Bay, Victoria, is just 0.3 km away from the front doors of The Oswego Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Hatley Castle, which you can get to from The Oswego Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the The Oswego Hotel phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at The Oswego Hotel please call +1 250 940 7500. Does The Oswego Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Oswego Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Oswego Hotel? Yes, there is a gym available to The Oswego Hotel guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at The Oswego Hotel? The standard check-out time at The Oswego Hotel is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 4:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at The Oswego Hotel, Victoria? A good deal at The Oswego Hotel right now is between C$ 138 and C$ 189 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at The Oswego Hotel? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at The Oswego Hotel, Victoria. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does The Oswego Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at The Oswego Hotel, Victoria. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is The Oswego Hotel from Emily Carr House? You can walk to Emily Carr House while staying at The Oswego Hotel - you’ll be about 0.9 km away. Is The Oswego Hotel close to Royal Theatre? The Oswego Hotel is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Royal Theatre, which is 1 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 The Oswego Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
