https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Ritz_Carlton_Montreal.htm
The Ritz-Carlton Montreal, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 The Ritz-Carlton Montreal The Ritz-Carlton Montreal Hotel 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada ExcellentBased on 108 reviews 9.4 C$ 519 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Ritz-Carlton Montreal Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Ritz-Carlton Montreal Located under a 20-minute walk from Central Station Montreal, the hotel offers guests an ideal base while visiting Montreal. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and an outdoor pool. The Ritz-Carlto... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.1 km Rating 9.4 Nearest airport Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Distance to airport 14.1 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 842 4212 All policies Amenities at The Ritz-Carlton Montreal Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses ATM on-site Electric kettle Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Garden view Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Kitchen 24hr front desk Private entrance Kitchenette Smoking rooms available Storage available Private parking Quiet street view Spa and wellness centre Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Rooftop pool Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace EV charging station Seating area Elevator Secured parking Minibar Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Soundproofing Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Carpeted Toilet Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna Children's high chair Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Drying rack for clothing Show more Activities Kids toys Bicycle rental Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Streaming service Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Ritz-Carlton Montreal Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals Sofitel Montreal Golden Mile 8.4 Excellent 1155 Sherbrooke Ouest, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Sofitel Montreal Golden Mile sits majestically at the foot of the lush Mount Royal Park, conveniently located in the heart of the city, within the historic Golden Square Mile, making it the ideal destination for business travelers, fashion, art and museum lovers as well as gourmets. Enjoy the masterful blend of minimalist design and warm sophistication at our luxury hotel. C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to The Ritz-Carlton Montreal Appartements 3425 Drummond Downtown Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Appartements 3425 Drummond Downtown is located amongst Montreal's tourist attractions, just a short walk from Peel Station. It is situated a brief stroll from Concordia University, McGill University and Underground City. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Sofitel Montreal Golden Mile 8.4 Excellent 1155 Sherbrooke Ouest, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Sofitel Montreal Golden Mile provides a modern setting while in Montreal. An indoor pool, outdoor tennis courts and indoor tennis courts are just some of the luxurious features on offer to guests throughout their stay. C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Ambrose 8.3 Excellent 3422, Rue Stanley, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Hotel Ambrose is a charming setting when visiting Montreal and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a concierge and babysitting/child services. C$ 103 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Cantlie Suites 8.0 Excellent 1110, Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It also features a rooftop terrace and an outdoor pool. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 753 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.4 ExcellentBased on 108 verified guest reviews 9.4Friends 9.6Couples 9.2Solo 9.2Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Ritz-Carlton Montreal All photos (60) Bedroom (9) Restaurant (9) Banquet hall (8) Bathroom (7) Where is The Ritz-Carlton Montreal Most Popular Landmarks Musée des beaux-arts de Montréal0.2 km Eaton Centre0.6 km Place Ville-Marie0.7 km Christ Church Cathedral0.7 km Centre Bell0.8 km Place Bonaventure1.0 km Getting Around Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque0.9 km Montreal Central1.0 km Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance1.3 km Montreal Métro Radisson10.3 km Montreal Bus2.2 km Montreal Pointe-aux-Trembles20.3 km FAQs when booking at The Ritz-Carlton Montreal How close is The Ritz-Carlton Montreal to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? There are 14.1 km between the closest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, and The Ritz-Carlton Montreal. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 10m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to The Ritz-Carlton Montreal? The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Montreal, renting a car for around C$ 33/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is The Ritz-Carlton Montreal considered pet-friendly? The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at The Ritz-Carlton Montreal. Is there a pool at The Ritz-Carlton Montreal? Yes, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is The Ritz-Carlton Montreal from the Montreal city center? The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is 0.1 km away from the center of Golden Square Mile, Montreal. Consider visiting La Ronde, a popular landmark that can be accessed from The Ritz-Carlton Montreal by various forms of transportation. What is the The Ritz-Carlton Montreal phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 514 842 4212. Does The Ritz-Carlton Montreal have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Ritz-Carlton Montreal? Yes, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at The Ritz-Carlton Montreal? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at The Ritz-Carlton Montreal, guests should plan for any time after 4:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at The Ritz-Carlton Montreal, Montreal? On average, guests have been paying C$ 628 per night to stay at The Ritz-Carlton Montreal. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 421 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at The Ritz-Carlton Montreal? There is a restaurant located in The Ritz-Carlton Montreal. Please contact them for kitchen hours. The hotel also has a bar. Does The Ritz-Carlton Montreal have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at The Ritz-Carlton Montreal, Montreal. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is The Ritz-Carlton Montreal from Vieux-Port de Montréal? The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is a walkable distance (2.1 km) from Vieux-Port de Montréal, Montreal. Is The Ritz-Carlton Montreal close to Centre Bell? If you want to see Centre Bell while visiting Montreal, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is just 0.8 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 The Ritz-Carlton Montreal Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
