https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Oakes_Hotel_Overlooking_the_Falls.htm
The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls, Niagara Falls | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls Hotel 6546 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada GoodBased on 7,037 reviews 7.3 C$ 124 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls Established in 2000 and situated in Niagara Falls City, The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls offers an indoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi, plus views of Horseshoe Falls, Fallsview Casino Resort and N... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.0 km Rating 7.3 Nearest airport Toronto Pearson Intl Distance to airport 79.6 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 905 356 4514 All policies Amenities at The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window ATM on-site Radio Entire unit located on ground floor River view Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Fire extinguisher Gift shop Seating area Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Physical distancing rules Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Sofa Alarm clock Key card access Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Safe Sauna City view Trash cans TV Conditioner Pool towels Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Bathrobe Private bathroom Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Private parking Storage available Show more Activities Hiking Bicycle rental Casino Golf Cycling Fitness centre Horse riding Services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Contactless check-in/check-out Spa All amenities Hotels Similar to The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls Top Niagara Falls hotels Sheraton on the Falls Hotel 7.5 Good 5875 Falls Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Best Fallsview Guaranteed. Our $50 million renovation is complete and welcomes a new arrival experience. From our unrivaled location overlooking Niagara Falls, the new Sheraton Fallsview Hotel is a premiere hotel with the Best Fallsviews. Fallsview guestrooms and suites offer floor-to-ceiling windows and balconies for spectacular views of the Falls. During your stay, indulge in a celebrity chef inspired menu at Massimo Italian Fallsview Restaurant; Niagara #1 Italian Restaurant, relax at Christienne Fallsview Spa; #1 Spa in Ontario or visit Niagara only Fallsview Rooftop Pool and Bar. Our hotel offers indoor connections to Casino Niagara, Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, and our location in the tourist district is steps from attractions like Niagara's Iconic Boat Ride, Niagara Parks and a short drive to Niagara Wineries. The Sheraton is an inspired choice for meetings, weddings or special events with up to 35,000 square feet of venue space. Whatever brings you to Niagara, at Sheraton we are ready to welcome you! C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Sterling Inn & Spa 9.0 Excellent 5195 Magdalen Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Located in Niagara Falls, Sterling Inn & Spa - an Ontario's Finest Inn is a 5-minute walk from Clifton Hill and 10 minutes by foot from Casino Niagara. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls 7.7 Good 6755 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Situated on the brink of Horseshoe Falls in Canada, the recently renovated Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls is the closest hotel to Niagara Falls. Located in the Fallsview Tourist District near Niagara Falls Convention Centre, Fallsview Casino Resort, Niagara Parks and Niagara City Cruises, our hotel offers breathtaking views, service and amenities. One of our defining features are our signature Fallsview Guest Rooms and Suites with incomparable views of Niagara Falls. We have crafted every inch of the hotel to cater to your every whim for a dream getaway. Savor inspired dining at Milestones on the Falls restaurant. Our inviting open concept lobby is home to Starbucks and Magnificent Tours of Niagara Falls-the area's largest tour company. With more than 23,000 square feet of meeting space, our hotel can accommodate groups of all sizes for events, from business meetings to weddings. We are also the closest hotel to Niagara Falls Convention Centre, with several wineries and golf courses within a short drive. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview 7.1 Good 6455 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview welcomes travelers to Ontario, Canada with friendly service, thoughtful amenities and impressive views. The hotel is on the Fallsview Strip, near Niagara's famous Waterfalls, Niagara Falls Convention Centre and Seneca Niagara Casino. Connected to the Fallsview Casino and Niagara Entertainment Center by a glass walkway, entertainment is just steps away. Our recently renovated hotel offers guest rooms and suites filled with amenities; many have views of the Falls. Stay connected with free Wi-Fi, or relax at the resort-style indoor pool or gym. From our lobby and guest rooms to our popular on-site restaurants and Starbucks cafe, we have a unique hotel for discerning travelers. Couples can head down to Yuk Yuks Comedy Club for live entertainment, while families can share the ultimate arcade experience at Niagara Falls Fun Zone, both located in the hotel. Settle in for a great stay and breathtaking views at Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels closest to The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls Comfort Inn Fallsview 7.0 Good 6645 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Comfort Inn Fallsview is situated in Niagara Falls City and is within a short walk of nearby attractions, including Fallsview Casino Resort, Niagara Falls and Skylon Tower. Offering free Wi-Fi, a restaurant and an outdoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Niagara College Maid of the Mist Campus. C$ 67 Avg. per night View Deals Embassy Suites by Hilton Niagara Falls Fallsview 6.9 Good 6700 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Commanding exclusive views of Niagara Falls, Embassy Suites by Hilton Niagara Falls Fallsview is set in a popular part of Niagara Falls City and offers an indoor pool, a bowling alley and a Jacuzzi. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Tower Hotel at Fallsview 7.4 Good 6732 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Tower Hotel at Fallsview is located in Niagara Falls City and is close to local attractions, such as Niagara College Maid of the Mist Campus, Niagara Falls and Fallsview Casino Resort. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 103 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview 7.1 Good 6455 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Showcasing views of Niagara Falls, Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview is situated in Niagara Falls City and offers a Jacuzzi, an indoor pool and a sauna so guests can unwind during their stay. It provides 3-star accommodation and views of the city. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Niagara Falls hotels Caravan Inn Motel 8511 Lundys Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Caravan Inn Motel is situated in Niagara Falls City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers an outdoor heated pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview 5.5 Okay 6519 Stanley Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated in Niagara Falls City, Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview is a short walk from Niagara Falls and provides a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor heated pool. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Lodge & Suites 5.8 Okay 7720 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Niagara Falls City, Niagara Lodge & Suites is within a 15-minute drive of St. Catharines/Niagara District Airport and provides an outdoor pool. It also offers meeting rooms, a kids pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Oasis Motel 6.5 Good 5107 Centre Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Victoria, Oasis Motel Niagara Falls City is a short walk to several local attractions, including Niagara River and Niagara Falls. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Niagara Falls Recommended hotels Cozy House B&B 8.8 Excellent 5725 Robinson Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Cozy Inn Bed & Breakfast is set in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby landmarks, including Niagara Falls. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. C$ 155 Avg. per night View Deals Butterfly Manor 9.7 Excellent 4917 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Niagara Transportation Centre, Butterfly Manor provides guests with an ideal base while in Niagara Falls City. It also offers free Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a swimming pool. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Grandview Manor 5359 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated within walking distance of Niagara Transportation Centre, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to discover Niagara Falls City and its surrounds. It is located a short stroll from Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, Niagara Falls and Casino Niagara. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON 8.0 Excellent 5525 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Country Inn & Suites by Radisson Niagara Falls ON is situated in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Niagara River, Niagara Falls and the Rainbow Bridge. It also features an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.3 GoodBased on 7,037 verified guest reviews 6.9Solo 7.1Friends 7.1Families 7.4Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date A 7.9 Good Anonymous, Sep. 2017 Generally the room was clean, however the window towards the falls was dirty Photos of The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls All photos (42) Bedroom (11) Building (8) Bar (4) Lobby (3) Where is The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls Most Popular Landmarks Niagara Fallsview Casino Resort0.2 km Skylon Tower0.6 km Niagara Falls Tower0.7 km Queen Victoria Park0.7 km Niagara SkyWheel1.3 km Fallsview Indoor Waterpark1.6 km Getting Around Niagara Falls Fallsview Casino0.1 km Niagara Falls Table Rock0.3 km Niagara Falls Casino Niagara1.6 km Niagara Falls Oakwood Dr SW3.2 km Niagara Falls3.5 km FAQs when booking at The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls Is pricing at The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls comparable to 3 star hotels in Niagara Falls? In Niagara Falls, the average nightly rate for 3 stars hotels is C$ 137. The expected nightly rate for The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls is around C$ 118; a price that is 36% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 3 stars hotel in Niagara Falls. Is there a pool at The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Niagara Falls often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls for pool rules and guidelines. How close is The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls from the Niagara Falls city center? The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls is 0.6 km away from the center of Fallsview, Niagara Falls. Consider visiting Niagara Falls Tower, a popular landmark that can be accessed from The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls by various forms of transportation. What is the The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls please call +1 905 356 4514. Does The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls? Yes. You should consider staying at The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls, guests should plan for any time after 4:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls, Niagara Falls? Usually The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls room prices are around C$ 118/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 44/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls? There is a restaurant located in The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls. Please contact them for kitchen hours. A bar is also available on-site. Does The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls, Niagara Falls. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls from Skylon Tower? The popular Skylon Tower is just over 0.6 km from The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls. Is The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls close to Marineland? Walking distance - there’s 1.8 km between Marineland and The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
