https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Westin_Edmonton.htm
The Westin Edmonton, Edmonton | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 The Westin Edmonton The Westin Edmonton Hotel 10135 100 St Nw, Edmonton, AB, Canada ExcellentBased on 143 reviews 8.1 C$ 171 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Westin Edmonton Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Westin Edmonton Centrally situated, The Westin Edmonton offers easy access to Edmonton's popular hot spots. The various amenities this modern hotel has to offer include free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and an express check... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.6 km Rating 8.1 Nearest airport Edmonton Distance to airport 26.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet (surcharge) Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 780 426 3636 All policies Amenities at The Westin Edmonton Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Child pool Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Parking (surcharge) Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Radio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Elevator Secured parking Shampoo Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Snack bar Sofa Alarm clock Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Walk-in shower Show more Activities Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Hiking Services A/V equipment rental Business centre Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Key access Conference rooms Wedding services 24/7 concierge Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Westin Edmonton Top Edmonton hotels JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Connect with Confidence at JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District, Alberta's only modern, approachable luxury hotel. Enjoy innovative, state-of-the-art cleanliness protocols, prime access to Rogers Place and the ICE District combined with amenities such as Braven Restaurant, Kindred Food + Drink, The Lobby Bar, Executive Lounge and In Room Dining. Pet-friendly rooms mean that your furry friend doesn’t have to miss out on your Edmonton trip. For health and wellness, our well-being floors are also available where Spa by JW (Thursday-Sunday) and Archetype, our 13,000 sq. ft. health club along with pool, steam rooms and whirlpools await. These, combined with state-of-the-art technology such as mobile key, mobile check in and check out and mobile chat make our modern hotel the ideal destination for work and pleasure in downtown Edmonton. At JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District we are focused on the Whole You and designed to connect you with the things most important to you. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA 7.8 Good 10155 105th Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Discover a Refreshingly Local™ hotel experience with us! Nestled in the heart of Alberta’s capital city, Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA offers the perfect home base for your downtown escape. Gorgeously redesigned rooms and suites feature welcoming origami cranes and fabulous TOTO® Washlets; these high-quality amenities are signature features of APA Hotel in Japan and unique to APA’s Urban-style Hotel concept. Some of our rooms & suites offer city views, and all include free wi-fi, mini fridges and triple-sheeted beds. Pet-friendly accommodation is also available, so four-legged friends can join in on the fun. Begin and end your day in downtown Edmonton with breakfast at Prestons Restaurant + Lounge or stop in for lunch, dinner and or a night cap before returning to your room. If you’re interested in getting to know the area, we make it easy: our hotel is just a six-minute walk to the ICE District & Rogers Place, and we also offer a free downtown shuttle service. Coming by car? We offer covered secure parking with in and out privileges for $20.95 per night. If hosting an event is on your agenda, we provide adaptable venues with flexible venues include an expansive ballroom that can seat up to 500 theatre-style, as well as several smaller rooms for boardroom meetings, intimate seminars and breakout discussion. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton 8.2 Excellent 16615 109th Avenue North West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Enjoy a comfortable stay at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel West Edmonton. Conveniently located within minutes of West Edmonton Mall and the city center, the hotel offers a contemporary base close to everything the city has to offer. Our signature chocolate chip cookie, our gift to you at check-in, is a taste of the warm, inviting service to come. Contemporary guest rooms offer all you need to unwind and stay productive, including complimentary WiFi, a generous workspace, a 42-inch HDTV and plush bedding. This hotel in Edmonton, AB, also offers a range of elegant suites including bi-level suites, two bedroom suites and the presidential suite. It is easy to maintain your exercise regime with our 24-hour fitness center, featuring the latest equipment. Afterwards, enjoy a relaxing swim in the heated indoor pool. Savor global cuisine with a local twist at Stages Kitchen & Bar or meet with friends for a signature DoubleTree Chocolate Chip Martini. For an unforgettable experience, join us at the Mayfield Dinner Theater and enjoy a Las Vegas-style show and a delicious buffet, full of tempting options and indulgent desserts. With two ballrooms, 15 meeting rooms and an amphitheater, this DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel in Edmonton, AB, is equipped for any event – from important conferences to dream weddings. Let our professional team members help plan all the finer details, from A/V equipment hire to personalized catering options, ensuring a memorable and flawless event. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel 8.3 Excellent 10111 Ellerslie Road South West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Elegant, sleek and stylishly modern, Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel is four-star hospitality at its best. Surrounded by wide-open prairie skies, this gem is just a 15-minute drive from Edmontons city center and Edmonton International Airport (YEG), and features a distinctive combination of elegant furnishings and impressive amenities to ensure an outstanding experience.Choose to unwind in the luxurious indoor pool and whirlpool, enjoy a hearty meal at Denny's Restaurant, catch the game at Bar One, or experience chic dining and drinks with friends at Chop Steakhouse & Bar. Then, at the end of the day, slip under the plush, premium-comfort bedding and enjoy all the in-suite conveniences such as free Wi-Fi that make your room a home away from home. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Edmonton Hotels closest to The Westin Edmonton Fairmont Hotel Macdonald 8.2 Excellent 10065 100 St Nw, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Centrally located, The Fairmont Hotel Macdonald offers easy access to Edmonton's best tourist attractions. Featuring views of Shaw Conference Centre, it also provides a wide range of facilities, including an indoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 222 Avg. per night View Deals Courtyard by Marriott Edmonton Downtown 8.1 Excellent One Thornton Court 99 Street And Jasper Avenue, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Centrally situated, Courtyard By Marriott Edmonton Downtown allows for easy access to Edmonton's main tourist attractions. Some of the popular features on offer at this 3-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Chateau Lacombe Hotel 7.5 Good 10111 Bellamy Hill Nw, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Edmonton. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Delta Hotels by Marriott Edmonton Centre Suites 7.7 Good 10222 102 Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Centrally located, Delta Hotels by Marriott Edmonton Centre Suites allows for easy access to Edmonton's best hot spots. Its premium amenities include a sauna and a gym. C$ 178 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Edmonton hotels Hi Edmonton 8.3 Excellent 10647 81 Avenue Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located amongst a variety of well-known attractions, boutiques and restaurants, HI-Edmonton is ideal for guests wishing to discover Edmonton and its surroundings. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Economy Inn 5.1 Okay 4009 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Economy Inn Edmonton is situated in Edmonton and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals Whitemud Inn Edmonton South 6.2 Good 4805 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located in Edmonton, the motel is a short drive from University Of Alberta and West Edmonton Mall. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Thriftlodge Edmonton 5.2 Okay 21640 Stony Plain Road, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Thriftlodge Edmonton provides a comfortable setting when in Edmonton. It also offers laundry facilities, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Edmonton Recommended hotels Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre 8.0 Excellent 11727 Kingsway Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Edmonton. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sun deck and meeting rooms. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton 10266 103 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Edmonton. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 1,182 Avg. per night View Deals Tru by Hilton Edmonton Windermere 8.1 Excellent 6025 Andrews Way, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 14.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Tru By Hilton Edmonton Windermere is situated in Edmonton and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features an indoor pool and a gym. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Edmonton. It also offers an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 318 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Westin Edmonton 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 143 verified guest reviews 8.2Families 8.3Solo 8.4Couples 6.8Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Westin Edmonton All photos (50) Bedroom (13) Conference room (7) Outdoors view (7) Bathroom (4) Where is The Westin Edmonton Most Popular Landmarks Edmonton City Centre0.4 km Rogers Place0.7 km Edmonton Ski Club1.4 km South Edmonton Common10.6 km Ellerslie Rugby Park12.9 km Summerside Lake13.9 km Getting Around Edmonton Welcome Center0.3 km Edmonton 10014 104 St0.7 km Edmonton Kingsway / Royal Alex Transit Centre2.0 km Edmonton Hi Edmonton Hostel3.0 km Edmonton 11204 119 St3.2 km Edmonton Bonnie Doon Mall3.4 km FAQs when booking at The Westin Edmonton Is pricing at The Westin Edmonton comparable to 4 star hotels in Edmonton? The average rate for a night at The Westin Edmonton is 12% less than the Edmonton average for similarly rated 4 stars hotels. The nightly rate at The Westin Edmonton is typically C$ 204, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Edmonton. How close is The Westin Edmonton to the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Edmonton Airport, and The Westin Edmonton is 26.8 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 20m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Edmonton Airport to The Westin Edmonton? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for The Westin Edmonton guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Edmonton. Is The Westin Edmonton considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at The Westin Edmonton. Is there a pool at The Westin Edmonton? Yes. Many people visiting Edmonton look for a hotel with a pool. The Westin Edmonton has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is The Westin Edmonton from the Edmonton city center? The Westin Edmonton is just 0.6 km away from the center of Edmonton. You can easily get to other landmarks from The Westin Edmonton, including Northlands Coliseum, which has been found to be a popular place to visit amongst tourists. What is the The Westin Edmonton phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at The Westin Edmonton please call +1 780 426 3636. Does The Westin Edmonton have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Westin Edmonton has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Westin Edmonton? Yes, The Westin Edmonton has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at The Westin Edmonton? The Westin Edmonton has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at The Westin Edmonton, Edmonton? Usually The Westin Edmonton room prices are around C$ 204/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 109/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at The Westin Edmonton? Yes - The Westin Edmonton does have a restaurant. Does The Westin Edmonton have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at The Westin Edmonton. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is The Westin Edmonton from Commonwealth Stadium? The popular Commonwealth Stadium is just over 2.2 km from The Westin Edmonton. Is The Westin Edmonton close to Citadel Theatre? Citadel Theatre is also a popular place to see in Edmonton. It is 0.2 km from The Westin Edmonton. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 The Westin Edmonton Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
