https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Farrington_Inn.htm
The Farrington Inn, Boston | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 Massachusetts Hotels 14,196 Boston Hotels 1,621 The Farrington Inn The Farrington Inn Hotel 23 Farrington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States GoodBased on 507 reviews 6.3 C$ 96 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Farrington Inn Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About The Farrington Inn The Farrington Inn is set in Boston and is within a 10-minute walk of Harvard Avenue MBTA Subway Station. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and luggage st... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.0 km Rating 6.3 Nearest airport Boston Logan Intl Distance to airport 10.1 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 617 787 1860 All policies Amenities at The Farrington Inn Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Flat-screen TV Shared bathroom Smoke alarms Shared toilet Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing rules CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Bathtub Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Safe Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Casino Services Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to The Farrington Inn Top Boston hotels The Ritz-Carlton Boston 8.5 Excellent 10 Avery Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map Perfectly located in the center of the city and only minutes from the financial district, theater district and the Freedom Trail, The Ritz-Carlton, Boston is a luxury hotel in Boston, Massachusetts. In 2017, the hotel's 193 guest rooms and suites, public space, and meeting rooms underwent a $13 million redesign, creating a contemporary, luxurious environment. The guestroom redesign offers a modern approach to luxury with a personalized relax, work, and sleep experience. Artisan Bistro and Avery Bar, the hotel’s restaurant and lounge, take an artisanal approach to creating locally inspired fare and hand-crafted cocktails. C$ 995 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental Boston 8.0 Excellent 776 Boylston Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map A stay at Mandarin Oriental Boston places you in the heart of Boston, steps from Newbury Street and Prudential Tower. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Boston? This hotel has facilities measuring 10000 square feet (929 square meters), including a meeting room. C$ 860 Avg. per night View Deals The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston 8.3 Excellent 215 Charles Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston blends history, sophistication and hometown warmth—the ideal place for a quintessentially Boston experience. Located at the foot of Beacon Hill, our hotel is steps away from outdoor fun on the Esplanade and posh shopping along Charles Street. A national historic landmark and architectural gem built in 1851, this refined 298-room hotel originated as the storied Charles Street Jail. Today, our prominent location showcases sweeping views of the Boston city skyline and the Charles River, along with five distinct food and beverage venues and 14,000 square feet of meeting space. Reserve your stay at The Liberty Hotel and delight in our rich history, unique architecture and a team of passionate New England natives, ready to create an unrivaled guest experience in Boston, MA. C$ 469 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map With the magnificent backdrop of Fort Point Channel, immerse yourself in luxury at InterContinental® Boston. Located in downtown Boston, our AAA Four Diamond hotel offers exquisite, renovated rooms and suites with sweeping views. Journey through history at the US Constitution and the Boston Tea Party and Ships Museums, Faneuil Hall, and the Freedom Trail. With views of the Boston Harbor, host your event in our sophisticated venue and revel at the beauty of Boston’s nature and rich heritage. C$ 407 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Boston Hotels closest to The Farrington Inn Studio Allston Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1234 Soldiers Field Road, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel Located in Boston, Studio Allston Hotel is an easy drive from Boston Commons and offers private parking on site. It provides 3.5-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 215 Avg. per night View Deals Doubletree Suites By Hilton Hotel Boston - Cambridge 8.5 Excellent 400 Soldiers Field Road, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Situated in Boston, DoubleTree Suites by Hilton Hotel Boston - Cambridge is within a 15-minute drive of Logan International Airport and provides an indoor pool, a rooftop terrace and a Jacuzzi. It offers 3-star accommodation and views of the city. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Boston 4.9 Okay 40 Mt. Hood Road, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.7 km from current hotel This comfortable hotel in Boston offers complimentary wireless internet, as well as a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 220 Avg. per night View Deals Natalie House 9.1 Excellent 39 Wiltshire Road, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.3 km from current hotel Situated close to Chestnut Hill Avenue MBTA Subway Station, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to discover Boston and its surrounds. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Boston hotels Hi Boston Hostel 8.3 Excellent 19 Stuart St., Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States HI - Boston Hostel provides modern accommodation in Boston and is within walking distance of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 53 Avg. per night View Deals Found Hotel Boston Common 7.8 Good 78 Charles Street South, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States This Boston hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals Boston Homestel 7.1 Good 36 Moseley Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located in Boston, the hostel is within easy reach of Back Bay and Port of Boston. It also provides a shared kitchen. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel 140 140 Clarendon Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Steps from Back Bay, Hotel 140 is located in Boston and offers comfortable accommodation. It is moments from Copley Square, restaurants and nightlife options. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Boston Recommended hotels Perkins Inn 32 Perkins Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Situated within walking distance of Back of the Hill MBTA Subway Station, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to explore Boston and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Set in the centre of Boston, InterContinental Boston is situated near South Station, and provides easy access to local dining and nightlife options. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as an indoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sauna. C$ 407 Avg. per night View Deals W Boston 8.5 Excellent 100 Stuart Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located a short walk from Herald Street MBTA Subway Station, W Boston is a convenient base when visiting Boston. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 354 Avg. per night View Deals Newbury Guest House 8.9 Excellent 261 Newbury Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Newbury Guest House provides charming 3-star accommodation in Boston. It is close to Newbury Street, dining options and shops. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Farrington Inn 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.3 OkayBased on 507 verified guest reviews 6.3Families 6.4Friends 6.1Couples 6.4Solo Traveller type: Families Friends Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Farrington Inn All photos (21) Room amenity (6) Building (4) Bathroom (3) Bedroom (3) Where is The Farrington Inn Most Popular Landmarks Agganis Arena1.1 km Harvard Stadium1.4 km Fenway Park2.9 km Museum of Fine Arts3.5 km Prudential Center4.1 km Copley Place4.3 km Getting Around Boston Allston0.5 km Boston 39 Dalton Street3.9 km Boston Back Bay4.6 km Boston Park Plaza5.2 km Boston State House5.6 km Boston 84 Harrison Ave5.7 km FAQs when booking at The Farrington Inn Is pricing at The Farrington Inn comparable to 2 star hotels in Boston? Hotels in Boston that are rated 2 stars generally cost C$ 158/night, but on average, The Farrington Inn is available for 52% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at The Farrington Inn for C$ 102/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Boston. How close is The Farrington Inn to the nearest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 10.1 km drive between The Farrington Inn and Boston Logan Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 07m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Boston Logan Intl Airport to The Farrington Inn? For the most freedom while visiting Boston, consider renting a car for about C$ 61/day and parking it at The Farrington Inn where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is The Farrington Inn considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at The Farrington Inn. How close is The Farrington Inn from the Boston city center? The Farrington Inn is 0.1 km away from the center of Allston, Boston. Consider visiting Museum of Science, a popular landmark that can be accessed from The Farrington Inn by various forms of transportation. What is the The Farrington Inn phone number? You can reach the front desk of The Farrington Inn at +1 617 787 1860. Does The Farrington Inn have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Farrington Inn has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at The Farrington Inn? The standard check-out time at The Farrington Inn is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 2:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at The Farrington Inn, Boston? Prices at The Farrington Inn will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 102, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 77. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. How far is The Farrington Inn from Museum of Fine Arts? Museum of Fine Arts in Boston is 3.5 km away from The Farrington Inn. Is The Farrington Inn close to Fenway Park? If you want to see Fenway Park while visiting Boston, The Farrington Inn is just 2.9 km away. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Massachusetts Hotels 14,196 Boston Hotels 1,621 The Farrington Inn Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
