https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Holman_Grand_Hotel.htm
The Holman Grand Hotel, Charlottetown | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Prince Edward Island Hotels 1,001 Charlottetown Hotels 170 The Holman Grand Hotel The Holman Grand Hotel Hotel 123 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada ExcellentBased on 471 reviews 8.9 C$ 210 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Holman Grand Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Holman Grand Hotel Featuring a Jacuzzi, an indoor pool and outdoor tennis courts, The Holman Grand Hotel is located in Charlottetown and is a five-minute stroll from St. Dunstan's Basilica and Province House. It also of... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.4 km Rating 8.9 Nearest airport Charlottetown Distance to airport 5.7 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 902 367 7777 All policies Amenities at The Holman Grand Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Hot tub Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Spa and wellness centre Radio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace Seating area Elevator Secured parking Minibar Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Bathtub Soundproofing Spa bath Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Towels/sheets (extra fee) Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Golf Cycling Aerobics Fitness centre Tennis Mini-golf Hiking Massage Library Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Holman Grand Hotel Top Charlottetown hotels The Sydney Boutique Inn 9.6 Excellent 55 Weymouth Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Sydney Boutique Inn in Charlottetown (Queens Square), you'll be steps from Historic Charlottetown Waterfront and 4 minutes by foot from St. Paul's Church. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Fairholm Boutique Inns 8.3 Excellent 230 Prince Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairholm Boutique Inns places you in the heart of Charlottetown, within a 5-minute walk of Confederation Court Mall and St. Paul's Church. Featured amenities include a 24-hour front desk, luggage storage, and a library. This bed & breakfast has 2 meeting rooms available for events. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals The Harbour House 9.1 Excellent 9 Grafton Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map A stay at The Harbour House places you in the heart of Charlottetown, steps from Historic Charlottetown Waterfront and 3 minutes by foot from Beaconsfield Historic House. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, a 24-hour front desk, and multilingual staff. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals Rodd Charlottetown 7.9 Good 75 Kent Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map From the moment you step into the grand lobby of this historic property with its marble floors and barrel vaulted ceilings you will be surrounded by the historic elegance. Built in 1932 by CN Railways, it is a class apart from all other Island hotels. All rooms are tastefully decorated with modern amenities, a truly distinctive hotel. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Charlottetown Hotels closest to The Holman Grand Hotel Mermaid Suites 143 Great George Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Providing a swimming pool and free Wi-Fi, Mermaid Suites is situated in Charlottetown and is a short stroll from Province House and St. Dunstan's Basilica. It is conveniently located for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals Rodd Charlottetown 7.9 Good 75 Kent Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated a short drive from Confederation Centre of the Arts, Rodd Charlottetown offers elegant accommodation in Charlottetown. It has a gym, as well as free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and a sauna. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals Shipwright Inn 10.0 Excellent 51 Fitzroy Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Shipwright Inn provides Victorian 5-star accommodation in Charlottetown. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 119 Avg. per night View Deals Dundee Arms Inn 8.4 Excellent 200 Pownal Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Dundee Arms Inn is set in Charlottetown and is close to local attractions, including St. Dunstan's Basilica, Government House and Province House. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Charlottetown hotels Brackley Beach Hostel 37 Britain Shore Road, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 18.9 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Brackley Beach Hostel is ideally positioned in a peaceful setting in Brackley Beach, just a short car trip from University of Prince Edward Island, Charlottetown Civic Center and Confederation Centre of the Arts. It also offers a BBQ/picnic area and free Wi-Fi. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals Canadas Best Value Inn & Suites-Charlottetown 7.8 Good 20 Capital Drive, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Canadas Best Value Inn & Suites-Charlottetown is located in Charlottetown and is close to University of Prince Edward Island. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a playground and an outdoor heated pool. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals The Eden Hall Inn 9.0 Excellent 12 west street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Situated in Charlottetown, The Eden Hall Inn offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi. It also provides complimentary wireless internet. C$ 87 Avg. per night View Deals prince inn 9.2 Excellent 241 Prince Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Prince inn Charlottetown is located in Charlottetown and features free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Charlottetown Recommended hotels Quality Inn & Suites Downtown 8.6 Excellent 150 Euston Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Quality Inn & Suites Downtown Charlottetown is set in Charlottetown and is within a short walk of nearby attractions, such as St. Dunstan's Basilica, All Souls' Chapel and Province House. Those staying at the property also have access to free Wi-Fi and on-site parking. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals The Great George 9.3 Excellent 58 Great George Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada The Great George provides 4-star accommodation in Charlottetown. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 190 Avg. per night View Deals The Sydney Boutique Inn 9.6 Excellent 55 Weymouth Street, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Sydney Boutique Inn & Suites is located in Charlottetown and features free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Comfort Inn 7.1 Good 112 Capital Drive, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Charlottetown, PE, Canada Comfort Inn Charlottetown offers 3-star accommodation in Charlottetown. It also provides free public parking on site and is a short drive from University of Prince Edward Island, Confederation Centre of the Arts and Charlottetown Civic Center. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Holman Grand Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.9 GreatBased on 471 verified guest reviews 8.8Families 8.9Friends 8.9Solo 8.9Couples Traveller type: Families Friends Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Holman Grand Hotel All photos (60) Bedroom (19) Building (5) Living room (5) Bathroom (4) Where is The Holman Grand Hotel Most Popular Landmarks PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation0.6 km The Prince Edward Island Regiment Museum0.6 km Prince Edward Island National Park20.5 km FAQs when booking at The Holman Grand Hotel How close is The Holman Grand Hotel to the nearest airport, Charlottetown Airport? There are 5.7 km between the closest airport, Charlottetown Airport, and The Holman Grand Hotel. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 04m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Charlottetown Airport to The Holman Grand Hotel? For the most freedom while visiting Charlottetown, consider renting a car for about C$ 59/day and parking it at The Holman Grand Hotel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for The Holman Grand Hotel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Charlottetown. Is The Holman Grand Hotel considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at The Holman Grand Hotel are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Is there a pool at The Holman Grand Hotel? Yes, The Holman Grand Hotel has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is The Holman Grand Hotel from the Charlottetown city center? The Holman Grand Hotel is 0.4 km away from Charlottetown. Consider visiting The Prince Edward Island Regiment Museum, a popular landmark that can be accessed from The Holman Grand Hotel by various forms of transportation. What is the The Holman Grand Hotel phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at The Holman Grand Hotel please call +1 902 367 7777. Does The Holman Grand Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Holman Grand Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Holman Grand Hotel? Yes, there is a gym available to The Holman Grand Hotel guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at The Holman Grand Hotel? The Holman Grand Hotel has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at The Holman Grand Hotel, Charlottetown? C$ 158 per night is the best price found recently for a room at The Holman Grand Hotel, with average deals around C$ 204 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at The Holman Grand Hotel? There is an on-site restaurant - contact The Holman Grand Hotel for opening and last order times. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does The Holman Grand Hotel have a laundry service? The Holman Grand Hotel does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is The Holman Grand Hotel from Confederation Centre of the Arts? The Holman Grand Hotel is a good place to stay to see Confederation Centre of the Arts. It’s 0.1 km away. Is The Holman Grand Hotel close to PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation? Walking distance - there’s 0.6 km between PEI Museum and Heritage Foundation and The Holman Grand Hotel. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Prince Edward Island Hotels 1,001 Charlottetown Hotels 170 The Holman Grand Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
