https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/The_Lexington_Hotel_Autograph_Collection.htm
The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection Hotel 511 Lexington Avenue at 48th Street, New York, NY, United States GoodBased on 442 reviews 7.9 C$ 318 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection This trendy hotel is situated in Manhattan, and offers meeting rooms, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. It is located a brief walk from Rockefeller Center. This mod... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.2 km Rating 7.9 Nearest airport New York LaGuardia Distance to airport 8.8 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 755 4400 All policies Amenities at The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Cribs available Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Additional bathroom Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Balcony Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Streaming service Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection Vanderbilt Ymca 224 East 47th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Grand Central Terminal, Vanderbilt YMCA offers guests a convenient base while visiting New York City. Those staying at the property have access to an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals The Roosevelt Hotel 45 E 45th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel The Roosevelt Hotel offers historic accommodation in New York City and is a few minutes on foot from Grand Central-42nd Street Subway Station. It is situated a short stroll from Rockefeller Center, Times Square and the New York Public Library. C$ 503 Avg. per night View Deals Lotte New York Palace 8.4 Excellent 455 Madison Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Lotte New York Palace is set in Midtown Manhattan and is a 10-minute walk from The Museum of Modern Art and Rockefeller Center. It is a 10-minute drive from Central Park and has private parking on site. C$ 519 Avg. per night View Deals Pod 51 7.8 Good 230 East 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located in Manhattan, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to Bloomingdale's New York. The air-conditioned rooms are equipped with flat-screen TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.9 GoodBased on 441 verified guest reviews 7.8Solo 7.6Friends 8.0Families 8.1Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection All photos (57) Bedroom (17) Living room (14) Balcony (5) Restaurant (4) Where is The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection Most Popular Landmarks Chrysler Building0.4 km Grand Central Terminal0.4 km Bryant Park0.8 km Times Square1.1 km Broadway1.1 km Carnegie Hall1.2 km Getting Around New York 44th St & 3rd Ave0.3 km New York Madison Av/E 46 St0.3 km New York Grand Central Terminal0.5 km New York W 42 St Bryant Park0.7 km New York 373 East 42nd St0.7 km New York W 53rd St & 6th Ave0.9 km FAQs when booking at The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection Is pricing at The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection comparable to 4 star hotels in New York? Hotels in New York that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 461/night, but on average, The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection is available for 23% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection for C$ 476/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit New York. How close is The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, and The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection is 20.8 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 16m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection? Getting from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 50/day in New York. Luckily, The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection considered pet-friendly? The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection welcomes most household pets. How close is The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection from the New York city center? The center of Midtown East, New York, is just 0.2 km away from the front doors of The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Madison Square Garden, which you can get to from The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection using any means of transportation. What is the The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection please call +1 212 755 4400. Does The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection have Wi-Fi available? Yes, The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection. What is the check-out time at The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection? The standard check-out time at The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 4:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection, New York? C$ 190 per night is the best price found recently for a room at The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection, with average deals around C$ 476 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection? There is a restaurant located in The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection. Please contact them for kitchen hours. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection that can be used by guests. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection from Rockefeller Center? The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection is a good place to stay to see Rockefeller Center. It’s 0.6 km away. Is The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection close to Times Square? Walking distance - there’s 1.1 km between Times Square and The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
