https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Thriftlodge_Edmonton.htm
Thriftlodge Edmonton, Edmonton | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Thriftlodge Edmonton Thriftlodge Edmonton Motel 21640 Stony Plain Road, Edmonton, AB, Canada OkayBased on 108 reviews 5.2 C$ 71 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Thriftlodge Edmonton Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Thriftlodge Edmonton Thriftlodge Edmonton provides a comfortable setting when in Edmonton. It also offers laundry facilities, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. Rooms at the motel ... More Good to Know To Downtown 13.9 km Rating 5.2 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 780 447 4455 All policies Amenities at Thriftlodge Edmonton Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Fan Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Breakfast included Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Microwave Sofa Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Body soap Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Trash cans Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine Free parking Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom Garden Wardrobe or closet Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Private entrance Storage available Show more Services Daily housekeeping Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to Thriftlodge Edmonton Top Edmonton hotels JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Connect with Confidence at JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District, Alberta's only modern, approachable luxury hotel. Enjoy innovative, state-of-the-art cleanliness protocols, prime access to Rogers Place and the ICE District combined with amenities such as Braven Restaurant, Kindred Food + Drink, The Lobby Bar, Executive Lounge and In Room Dining. Pet-friendly rooms mean that your furry friend doesn’t have to miss out on your Edmonton trip. For health and wellness, our well-being floors are also available where Spa by JW (Thursday-Sunday) and Archetype, our 13,000 sq. ft. health club along with pool, steam rooms and whirlpools await. These, combined with state-of-the-art technology such as mobile key, mobile check in and check out and mobile chat make our modern hotel the ideal destination for work and pleasure in downtown Edmonton. At JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District we are focused on the Whole You and designed to connect you with the things most important to you. C$ 315 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA 7.8 Good 10155 105th Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Discover a Refreshingly Local™ hotel experience with us! Nestled in the heart of Alberta’s capital city, Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA offers the perfect home base for your downtown escape. Gorgeously redesigned rooms and suites feature welcoming origami cranes and fabulous TOTO® Washlets; these high-quality amenities are signature features of APA Hotel in Japan and unique to APA’s Urban-style Hotel concept. Some of our rooms & suites offer city views, and all include free wi-fi, mini fridges and triple-sheeted beds. Pet-friendly accommodation is also available, so four-legged friends can join in on the fun. Begin and end your day in downtown Edmonton with breakfast at Prestons Restaurant + Lounge or stop in for lunch, dinner and or a night cap before returning to your room. If you’re interested in getting to know the area, we make it easy: our hotel is just a six-minute walk to the ICE District & Rogers Place, and we also offer a free downtown shuttle service. Coming by car? We offer covered secure parking with in and out privileges for $20.95 per night. If hosting an event is on your agenda, we provide adaptable venues with flexible venues include an expansive ballroom that can seat up to 500 theatre-style, as well as several smaller rooms for boardroom meetings, intimate seminars and breakout discussion. C$ 140 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton 8.2 Excellent 16615 109th Avenue North West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Enjoy a comfortable stay at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel West Edmonton. Conveniently located within minutes of West Edmonton Mall and the city center, the hotel offers a contemporary base close to everything the city has to offer. Our signature chocolate chip cookie, our gift to you at check-in, is a taste of the warm, inviting service to come. Contemporary guest rooms offer all you need to unwind and stay productive, including complimentary WiFi, a generous workspace, a 42-inch HDTV and plush bedding. This hotel in Edmonton, AB, also offers a range of elegant suites including bi-level suites, two bedroom suites and the presidential suite. It is easy to maintain your exercise regime with our 24-hour fitness center, featuring the latest equipment. Afterwards, enjoy a relaxing swim in the heated indoor pool. Savor global cuisine with a local twist at Stages Kitchen & Bar or meet with friends for a signature DoubleTree Chocolate Chip Martini. For an unforgettable experience, join us at the Mayfield Dinner Theater and enjoy a Las Vegas-style show and a delicious buffet, full of tempting options and indulgent desserts. With two ballrooms, 15 meeting rooms and an amphitheater, this DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel in Edmonton, AB, is equipped for any event – from important conferences to dream weddings. Let our professional team members help plan all the finer details, from A/V equipment hire to personalized catering options, ensuring a memorable and flawless event. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel 8.3 Excellent 10111 Ellerslie Road South West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Elegant, sleek and stylishly modern, Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel is four-star hospitality at its best. Surrounded by wide-open prairie skies, this gem is just a 15-minute drive from Edmontons city center and Edmonton International Airport (YEG), and features a distinctive combination of elegant furnishings and impressive amenities to ensure an outstanding experience.Choose to unwind in the luxurious indoor pool and whirlpool, enjoy a hearty meal at Denny's Restaurant, catch the game at Bar One, or experience chic dining and drinks with friends at Chop Steakhouse & Bar. Then, at the end of the day, slip under the plush, premium-comfort bedding and enjoy all the in-suite conveniences such as free Wi-Fi that make your room a home away from home. C$ 105 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Edmonton Hotels closest to Thriftlodge Edmonton Candlewood Suites West Edmonton - Mall Area 8.5 Excellent 18520 100 Avenue Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.0 km from current hotel Boasting a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, Candlewood Suites West Edmonton - Mall Area is located in Edmonton and provides charming accommodation. It also offers an airport shuttle, meeting rooms and a 24-hour business centre. C$ 136 Avg. per night View Deals Element Edmonton West 8.5 Excellent 18540 100 Avenue Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.1 km from current hotel Element Edmonton West is situated in Edmonton and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites West Edmonton-Mall Area 8.6 Excellent 18520 100 Avenue Northwest, Building 2, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.3 km from current hotel Boasting a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, Holiday Inn Express & Suites - West Edmonton-Mall Area is located in Edmonton and offers comfortable accommodation. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, meeting rooms and a games room. C$ 117 Avg. per night View Deals River Cree Resort & Casino 8.5 Excellent 300 East Lapotac Blvd, Enoch, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.5 km from current hotel River Cree Resort & Casino provides vibrant 4-star accommodation in Edmonton. It has a fitness centre, as well as an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 200 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Edmonton hotels Hi Edmonton 8.3 Excellent 10647 81 Avenue Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located amongst a variety of well-known attractions, boutiques and restaurants, HI-Edmonton is ideal for guests wishing to discover Edmonton and its surroundings. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Economy Inn 5.2 Okay 4009 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Economy Inn Edmonton is situated in Edmonton and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 61 Avg. per night View Deals Whitemud Inn Edmonton South 6.2 Good 4805 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located in Edmonton, the motel is a short drive from University Of Alberta and West Edmonton Mall. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Royal Lodge 6.8 Good 3815 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Royal Lodge Edmonton is located in Edmonton and offers a Jacuzzi. It also provides a 24-hour reception, laundry facilities and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Edmonton Recommended hotels Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre 8.0 Excellent 11727 Kingsway Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Edmonton. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sun deck and meeting rooms. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton 10266 103 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Edmonton. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 1,178 Avg. per night View Deals Tru by Hilton Edmonton Windermere 8.1 Excellent 6025 Andrews Way, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 14.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Tru By Hilton Edmonton Windermere is situated in Edmonton and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features an indoor pool and a gym. C$ 105 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Edmonton. It also offers an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 315 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Thriftlodge Edmonton 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 5.2 PassableBased on 108 verified guest reviews 5.1Friends 5.5Couples 4.4Families 5.7Solo Traveller type: Friends Couples Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Thriftlodge Edmonton All photos (33) Bedroom (13) Building (3) Kitchen (3) Outdoors view (3) Where is Thriftlodge Edmonton Most Popular Landmarks Kingsway Mall12.5 km Rogers Place12.8 km Edmonton City Centre13.0 km Southgate Center13.3 km Commonwealth Stadium14.4 km Edmonton Ski Club14.4 km Getting Around Edmonton University of Alberta Hotel10.8 km Edmonton 11204 119 St11.1 km Edmonton11.4 km Edmonton Hi Edmonton Hostel12.6 km Edmonton Kingsway / Royal Alex Transit Centre12.7 km Edmonton 10014 104 St12.7 km FAQs when booking at Thriftlodge Edmonton How close is Thriftlodge Edmonton to the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport? With no traffic, the 26.9 km drive between Thriftlodge Edmonton and Edmonton Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 20m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Edmonton Airport to Thriftlodge Edmonton? Getting from Edmonton Airport to Thriftlodge Edmonton can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 34/day in Edmonton. Luckily, Thriftlodge Edmonton has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Thriftlodge Edmonton guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Edmonton. Is Thriftlodge Edmonton considered pet-friendly? Thriftlodge Edmonton welcomes most household pets. How close is Thriftlodge Edmonton from the Edmonton city center? Thriftlodge Edmonton is 13.9 km away from Edmonton. Consider visiting Northlands Coliseum, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Thriftlodge Edmonton by various forms of transportation. What is the Thriftlodge Edmonton phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Thriftlodge Edmonton please call +1 780 447 4455. Does Thriftlodge Edmonton have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Thriftlodge Edmonton has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Thriftlodge Edmonton? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Thriftlodge Edmonton, Edmonton? Usually Thriftlodge Edmonton room prices are around C$ 71/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 58/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Does Thriftlodge Edmonton have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Thriftlodge Edmonton that can be used by guests. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Thriftlodge Edmonton Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
