https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Thriftlodge_at_the_Falls.htm
Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls, Niagara Falls | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls Motel 4945 Clifton Hill, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada GoodBased on 440 reviews 7.0 C$ 83 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls This charming motel is situated close to Niagara Falls in Niagara Falls City. It is steps from Niagara River and is near the area's well-known attractions and dining spots. Those staying at T... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.8 km Rating 7.0 Nearest airport Toronto Pearson Intl Distance to airport 78.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 905 357 2200 All policies Amenities at Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Radio Terrace/Patio Family rooms Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Free toiletries Heated pool Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Microwave Outdoor pool Alarm clock CCTV in common areas Enhanced cleaning No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine TV Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls Top Niagara Falls hotels Sheraton on the Falls Hotel 7.5 Good 5875 Falls Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Best Fallsview Guaranteed. Our $50 million renovation is complete and welcomes a new arrival experience. From our unrivaled location overlooking Niagara Falls, the new Sheraton Fallsview Hotel is a premiere hotel with the Best Fallsviews. Fallsview guestrooms and suites offer floor-to-ceiling windows and balconies for spectacular views of the Falls. During your stay, indulge in a celebrity chef inspired menu at Massimo Italian Fallsview Restaurant; Niagara #1 Italian Restaurant, relax at Christienne Fallsview Spa; #1 Spa in Ontario or visit Niagara only Fallsview Rooftop Pool and Bar. Our hotel offers indoor connections to Casino Niagara, Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, and our location in the tourist district is steps from attractions like Niagara's Iconic Boat Ride, Niagara Parks and a short drive to Niagara Wineries. The Sheraton is an inspired choice for meetings, weddings or special events with up to 35,000 square feet of venue space. Whatever brings you to Niagara, at Sheraton we are ready to welcome you! C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Sterling Inn & Spa 9.0 Excellent 5195 Magdalen Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Located in Niagara Falls, Sterling Inn & Spa - an Ontario's Finest Inn is a 5-minute walk from Clifton Hill and 10 minutes by foot from Casino Niagara. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls 7.7 Good 6755 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Situated on the brink of Horseshoe Falls in Canada, the recently renovated Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls is the closest hotel to Niagara Falls. Located in the Fallsview Tourist District near Niagara Falls Convention Centre, Fallsview Casino Resort, Niagara Parks and Niagara City Cruises, our hotel offers breathtaking views, service and amenities. One of our defining features are our signature Fallsview Guest Rooms and Suites with incomparable views of Niagara Falls. We have crafted every inch of the hotel to cater to your every whim for a dream getaway. Savor inspired dining at Milestones on the Falls restaurant. Our inviting open concept lobby is home to Starbucks and Magnificent Tours of Niagara Falls-the area's largest tour company. With more than 23,000 square feet of meeting space, our hotel can accommodate groups of all sizes for events, from business meetings to weddings. We are also the closest hotel to Niagara Falls Convention Centre, with several wineries and golf courses within a short drive. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview 7.1 Good 6455 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview welcomes travelers to Ontario, Canada with friendly service, thoughtful amenities and impressive views. The hotel is on the Fallsview Strip, near Niagara's famous Waterfalls, Niagara Falls Convention Centre and Seneca Niagara Casino. Connected to the Fallsview Casino and Niagara Entertainment Center by a glass walkway, entertainment is just steps away. Our recently renovated hotel offers guest rooms and suites filled with amenities; many have views of the Falls. Stay connected with free Wi-Fi, or relax at the resort-style indoor pool or gym. From our lobby and guest rooms to our popular on-site restaurants and Starbucks cafe, we have a unique hotel for discerning travelers. Couples can head down to Yuk Yuks Comedy Club for live entertainment, while families can share the ultimate arcade experience at Niagara Falls Fun Zone, both located in the hotel. Settle in for a great stay and breathtaking views at Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels closest to Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls 7.6 Good 4943 Clifton Hill, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Offering an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls is located in Niagara Falls City and is a short stroll from Casino Niagara and Niagara Falls. It is steps from Niagara River and is close to the area's well-known attractions and dining spots. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Econo Lodge By the Falls 6.8 Good 5781 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Niagara Falls City, Econo Lodge By The Falls is within walking distance of Niagara Falls and features an indoor pool and a bowling alley. It provides free Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals The Falls Hotel & Inn 6.8 Good 5657 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Niagara Falls City, The Falls Hotel & Inn is a short walk from Niagara Falls and features an indoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals OYO Hotel Niagara Falls, On - Fallsview 3.9 Mediocre 5643 Ellen Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Ideally situated for sightseeing, OYO Hotel Niagara Falls ON - Fallsview is within walking distance of several of the city's tourist attractions, including Niagara Falls, Fallsview Indoor Waterpark and Niagara River. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a swimming pool and valet parking. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Niagara Falls hotels Caravan Inn Motel 8511 Lundys Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Caravan Inn Motel is situated in Niagara Falls City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers an outdoor heated pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview 5.5 Okay 6519 Stanley Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated in Niagara Falls City, Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview is a short walk from Niagara Falls and provides a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor heated pool. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Lodge & Suites 5.8 Okay 7720 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Niagara Falls City, Niagara Lodge & Suites is within a 15-minute drive of St. Catharines/Niagara District Airport and provides an outdoor pool. It also offers meeting rooms, a kids pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Oasis Motel 6.5 Good 5107 Centre Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Victoria, Oasis Motel Niagara Falls City is a short walk to several local attractions, including Niagara River and Niagara Falls. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Niagara Falls Recommended hotels Cozy House B&B 8.8 Excellent 5725 Robinson Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Cozy Inn Bed & Breakfast is set in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby landmarks, including Niagara Falls. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. C$ 155 Avg. per night View Deals Butterfly Manor 9.7 Excellent 4917 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Niagara Transportation Centre, Butterfly Manor provides guests with an ideal base while in Niagara Falls City. It also offers free Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a swimming pool. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Grandview Manor 5359 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated within walking distance of Niagara Transportation Centre, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to discover Niagara Falls City and its surrounds. It is located a short stroll from Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, Niagara Falls and Casino Niagara. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON 8.0 Excellent 5525 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Country Inn & Suites by Radisson Niagara Falls ON is situated in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Niagara River, Niagara Falls and the Rainbow Bridge. It also features an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.0 GoodBased on 440 verified guest reviews 7.5Friends 7.0Couples 6.8Families 7.9Solo Traveller type: Friends Couples Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls All photos (16) Outdoors view (6) Bedroom (4) Building (3) Other (3) Where is Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls Most Popular Landmarks Niagara SkyWheel0.1 km Fallsview Indoor Waterpark0.3 km Casino Niagara0.3 km Rainbow Tower0.4 km Rainbow Bridge0.5 km Bird Kingdom0.5 km Getting Around Niagara Falls Casino Niagara0.2 km Niagara Falls Fallsview Casino1.3 km Niagara Falls Table Rock1.5 km Niagara Falls2.1 km Niagara Falls Oakwood Dr SW4.3 km FAQs when booking at Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls Is pricing at Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls comparable to 2 star hotels in Niagara Falls? There is a 17% difference in the average nightly rate of 2 stars hotels in Niagara Falls and the average nightly rate at Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls. The rate at Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls is just C$ 109/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Niagara Falls. Is there a pool at Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls? Yes, Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls from the Niagara Falls city center? Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls is 0.8 km away from the center of Fallsview, Niagara Falls. Consider visiting Niagara Falls Tower, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls by various forms of transportation. What is the Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 905 357 2200 to talk to a Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls front desk representative. Does Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls, Niagara Falls? A good deal at Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls right now is between C$ 67 and C$ 109 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls? Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls does have a restaurant. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls from Skylon Tower? Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls is a walkable distance (0.8 km) from Skylon Tower, Niagara Falls. Is Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls close to Marineland? Marineland is also a popular place to see in Niagara Falls. It is 2.9 km from Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
