https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Tivoli_Avenida_Liberdade_Lisboa_The_Leading_Hotels_of_the_World.htm
Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa, Lisbon | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Portugal Hotels 82,027 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,525 Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Hotel Avenida Liberdade, 185, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal ExcellentBased on 1,098 reviews 8.8 C$ 299 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Situated just a few steps from Liberty Avenue, this modern hotel features both a bar and a restaurant. It also showcases views of Lisbon and provides modern rooms. Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Li... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.0 km Rating 8.8 Nearest airport Lisbon Humberto Delgado Distance to airport 6.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +351 213 198 900 All policies Amenities at Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Computer use available Electric kettle Executive lounge access Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Inner courtyard view Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Quiet street view Spa and wellness centre Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Shower cap Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Toilet Safe Sauna Toothbrush City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Valet parking Desk Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Canoeing Scuba diving Diving Evening entertainment Fitness centre Horse riding Kids' club Pay-per-view channels Windsurfing Hiking Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Shuttle service (additional charge) Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Top Lisbon hotels Hotel Avenida Palace 9.4 Excellent Rua 1 De Dezembro 123, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Avenida Palace, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 10 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Avenida Hotel 9.0 Excellent Rua 1º De Dezembro, 120, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Altis Avenida Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 11 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Limited parking is available onsite. C$ 213 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Real Palacio 8.0 Excellent Rua Tomas Ribeiro 115, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map A stay at Hotel Real Palacio places you in the heart of Lisbon, a 5-minute drive from Gulbenkian Museum and 13 minutes from Rossio Square. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa 7.5 Good Avenida 5 De Outubro, 197, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at VIP Grand Lisboa Hotel and Spa in Lisbon (Lisbon City Center), you'll be a 5-minute drive from Rossio Square and 7 minutes from Lisbon Oceanarium. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Planning an event in Lisbon? This hotel features 5305 square feet (493 square meters) of event facilities. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Lisbon Hotels closest to Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Altis Grand Hotel 8.5 Excellent Rua Castilho, 11, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Offering views of Tagus River and Lisbon, Altis Grand Hotel - Luxury Collection Hotels is surrounded by a multitude of well-known eateries, and treats guests to free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and a sauna. Just a short walk from Liberty Avenue, it provides comfortable rooms equipped with a flat-screen TV, a mini bar and free wireless internet access. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Tagus Royal Residence Rua Alexandre Herculano, N.º 11, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Tagus Royal Residence is located in Lisbon and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 1,132 Avg. per night View Deals Sofitel Lisbon Liberdade 8.5 Excellent Avenida da Liberdade, 127, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Sofitel Lisbon Liberdade is an ideal base when in Lisbon. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Prime Hotel de Apartamentos 8.5 Excellent Rua Rodrigo da Fonseca, 4, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel This sophisticated Lisbon hotel is located within a 10-minute walk of Marques of Pombal Metro Station. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Lisbon hotels Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Hotel Expo Astoria is located amongst Lisbon's well-known restaurants and eateries, just a brief stroll from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. The various facilities this trendy hotel offers include luggage storage, porters and a 24-hour reception. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Destination Hostel 8.7 Excellent Estação Ferroviária do Rossio, piso 2, Largo Duque de Cadaval, 17-2ºF, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Providing free Wi-Fi, Lisbon Destination Hostel is located in Lisbon and is a short stroll from Rossio Square and Santa Justa Lift. The hostel is also conveniently situated within a five-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Friendly Hills Bairro Alto 8.5 Excellent Rua da Barroca, 4 - 1 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Friendly Hills Bairro Alto is a convenient base when in Lisbon. It is close to Bairro Alto, shops and nightlife options. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial do Sul 6.9 Good Avenida Almirante Reis, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Less than a 20-minute stroll from Restauradores Metro Station, Residencial Do Sul Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Lisbon. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Lisbon Recommended hotels Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel 9.3 Excellent Rua de Santiago, 10 a 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Wallis São Bento 6.9 Good Avenida Álvares Cabral 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located in Lisbon, Wallis Sao Bento is within easy reach of Bairro Alto and Belem Tower. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 53 Avg. per night View Deals Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments 8.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Set in the heart of the city, Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments offers easy access to Lisbon's main retail areas and tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals 54 Santa Catarina Apartments 9.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated under a 10-minute stroll from Cais do Sodre Metro Station, 54 Santa Catarina Apartments offers guests a convenient base when in Lisbon. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.8 GreatBased on 1,098 verified guest reviews 9.0Friends 8.5Solo 8.9Families 8.8Couples Traveller type: Friends Solo Families Couples Sort by: Date A 7.0 Good Anonymous, Oct. 2018 Good hotel location, but that was all. The room was not modern, not that clean. Photos of Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa All photos (60) Bedroom (14) Restaurant (11) Living room (9) Bathroom (5) Where is Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Most Popular Landmarks Jardim Botânico0.3 km Elevador de Santa Justa1.2 km Chiado Museum1.3 km Castelo de São Jorge1.4 km Sé de Lisboa1.8 km Museu Calouste Gulbenkian1.9 km Getting Around Lisbon Avenida0.2 km Lisbon Marquês Pombal0.5 km Lisbon Campo Mártires Pátria0.6 km Lisbon Restauradores0.8 km Lisbon Rossio0.9 km Lisbon Picoas1.0 km FAQs when booking at Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Is pricing at Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa comparable to 5 star hotels in Lisbon? In Lisbon, the average nightly rate for 5 stars hotels is C$ 415. The expected nightly rate for Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa is around C$ 384; a price that is 31% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 5 stars hotel in Lisbon. How close is Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa to the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport? There are 6.2 km between the closest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport, and Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 04m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa? Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Lisbon, renting a car for around C$ 12/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Lisbon. Is Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa. Is there a pool at Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa? Yes, Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa from the Lisbon city center? The center of Santo António, Lisbon, is just 0.1 km away from the front doors of Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Estádio José Alvalade, which you can get to from Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa using any means of transportation. What is the Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +351 213 198 900. Does Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa? Yes. You should consider staying at Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa? Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa, Lisbon? On average, guests have been paying C$ 384 per night to stay at Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 233 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa? Yes, food can be ordered from the Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa restaurant. Opening times may vary. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa from Sé de Lisboa? The popular Sé de Lisboa is just over 1.8 km from Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa. Is Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa close to Chiado Museum? Walking distance - there’s 1.3 km between Chiado Museum and Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa. Home Portugal Hotels 82,027 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,525 Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
