https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/TOC_Hostel_Barcelona.htm
Toc Hostel Barcelona, Barcelona | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Spain Hotels 320,860 Catalonia Hotels 53,275 Barcelona Hotels 13,954 Barcelona Hotels 7,679 Toc Hostel Barcelona Toc Hostel Barcelona Hostel C/ Gran Via de Les Corts Catalanes 580, Barcelona, Spain ExcellentBased on 3,385 reviews 8.6 C$ 41 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Toc Hostel Barcelona Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Toc Hostel Barcelona Conveniently located, TOC Hostel Barcelona allows for easy access to Barcelona's popular hot spots. It also offers a swimming pool, free Wi-Fi and a rooftop terrace. This modern hostel provid... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.3 km Rating 8.6 Nearest airport Barcelona-El Prat Distance to airport 11.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +34 934 534 425 All policies Amenities at Toc Hostel Barcelona Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Computer use available Entire unit located on ground floor Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Inner courtyard view Process in place to check health of guests Outdoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas No smoking Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Outdoor dining area All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Private entrance Storage available Raised toilet Reading light Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Rooftop Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared bathroom Shared kitchen Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapter First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Enhanced cleaning Baby safety gates Solarium Balcony Soundproof rooms Soundproofing Body soap Bottle of water Tile/marble floor Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Toothbrush City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Tumble dryer Upper floors accessible by elevator Upper floors accessible by stairs Vending machine (drinks) Wardrobe or closet Washing machine Show more Activities Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Game room Evening entertainment Pool table Shopping Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Grocery deliveries Laundry service Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Shuttle service Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Toc Hostel Barcelona Top Barcelona hotels Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona Gl 8.6 Excellent Passeig de Gracia, 68, Barcelona, Spain Show on map With a stay at Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona, you'll be centrally located in Barcelona, steps from Passeig de Gracia and 3 minutes by foot from Casa Batllo. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 300 Avg. per night View Deals W Barcelona 8.4 Excellent Plaça Rosa Dels Vents, 1, Barcelona, Spain Show on map Step inside. See for yourself. Designed by world-renowned architect Ricardo Bofill, W Barcelona sets the scene for a spectacular stay. W Barcelona offers a combination of luxury and comfort in each of its 473 fabulous guestrooms and suites. This 5-star hotel is located on the beachfront along the famous Barceloneta Boardwalk. Each guestroom and suite provides panoramic views over the Mediterranean Sea and the city of Barcelona. C$ 382 Avg. per night View Deals Meliá Barcelona Sarrià 8.2 Excellent Avenida De Sarria 50, Barcelona, Spain Show on map The Meliá Barcelona Sarrià is a luxury city hotel with a strategic location in the financial, cultural and commercial heart of the city of Barcelona. Only 140 metres from Avenida Diagonal, 1.7km from Paseo de Gracia and 2.4km from the FC Barcelona Camp Nou stadium, it is the perfect option for business trips, cultural visits and shopping. Near the stops for the tourist bus, the hotel is also located in one of the city’s main cultural and entertainment districts. DISCOVER THE AUTHENTIC BARCELONA Enjoy a relaxed walk through the oldest streets of Gaudí´s City, while you discover fashionable restaurants and bar, the main shopping routes and the famous Illa de Barcelona, where you will find the most exclusive national and international brands. Meliá Barcelona Sarrià was the official headquarters and sponsor of the prestigious Conde Godó Tennis Open. There is no better way to get to know Barcelona than staying at the hotels in Barcelona of the Meliá brand. Book your hotel in Barcelona now! C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Eurostars Bcn Design 5 Paseo De Gracia 29-31, Barcelona, Spain Show on map Located in Eixample, this luxury hotel is steps from Casa Amatller, Passeig de Gracia, and Casa Batllo. Placa de Catalunya and Casa Mila are also within 10 minutes. Passeig de Gracia Station and Barcelona Paseo de Gracia Station are within a 5-minute walk. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Barcelona Hotels closest to Toc Hostel Barcelona Acta Splendid 8.6 Excellent Muntaner 2 Barcelona Spain 08, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in the heart of the city, Acta Splendid offers easy access to Barcelona's main retail and sightseeing areas. It is situated a short walk from Placa de Catalunya and University of Barcelona. C$ 99 Avg. per night View Deals Ako Suites Hotel 8.2 Excellent Carrer De La Diputacio, 195, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Set in Barcelona, Ako Suites Hotel is a five-minute walk from University of Barcelona and features a rooftop pool and free Wi-Fi. This modern hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 139 Avg. per night View Deals Pension Miami Carrer De La Verge,16, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in the heart of the city, Pension Miami offers easy access to Barcelona's main retail and sightseeing areas. It is situated a short walk from La Rambla and Placa de Catalunya. C$ 1,520 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Soho 8.8 Excellent Gran Via De Les Corts Catalanes 543-545, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Barcelona. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Sant Antoni Metro Station. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Barcelona hotels InOut Hostel Barcelona 7.6 Good Major Del Rectoret 2, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 7.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Inout is situated amongst Barcelona's well-known nightlife destinations, just a brief stroll from Baixador de Vallvidrera Metro Station. This unique hostel is a convenient base for discovering the local vineyards as it is located in Catalunya. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Fabrizzio's Petit 9.0 Excellent Calle Bruc 65, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Located within a 10-minute walk of Passeig de Gracia Train Station, Fabrizzio's Petit is a convenient base while in Barcelona. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Unite Hostel Barcelona 8.3 Excellent Av. D'Icària, 145-147, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Unite Hostel Barcelona provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Barcelona. It is conveniently located for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Hostal Paraiso 7.6 Good Ronda De Sant Pau, 55-57, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Hostal Paraiso Barcelona is located in Barcelona and offers free Wi-Fi. It is situated in close proximity to a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Barcelona Recommended hotels NH Collection Barcelona Pódium 8.6 Excellent Bailen 4-6, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain NH Collection Barcelona Podium is ideally situated in Barcelona, and features a rooftop terrace, a rooftop pool and a sauna. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Casa Fuster 8.8 Excellent Passeig De Gràcia, 132, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Offering a restaurant, bar and outdoor swimming pool, Casa Fuster Hotel is just a five-minute stroll from Diagonal Metro Station. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a rooftop terrace, ensure a satisfying stay in Barcelona. C$ 272 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel El Palace Barcelona 9.4 Excellent Gran Via De Les Corts Catalanes 668, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Conveniently located, Hotel El Palace Barcelona offers easy access to Barcelona's best hot spots. It features free Wi-Fi, a fitness centre and a swimming pool, and is within a 10-minute walk of Placa de Catalunya. C$ 340 Avg. per night View Deals Mercer House Boria Bcn 8.1 Excellent Carrer De Boria 24-26, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Situated in the city centre, Mercer House Boria BCN offers easy access to Barcelona's main retail and sightseeing areas. Featuring views of Barcelona Cathedral and Port Vell, it also provides a wide range of facilities, such as bicycle rental, a 24-hour reception and a rooftop terrace. C$ 264 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Toc Hostel Barcelona 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.6 GreatBased on 3,387 verified guest reviews 8.6Solo 8.7Friends 8.5Couples 8.5Families Traveller type: Solo Friends Couples Families Sort by: Date A 10.0 Excellent Anonymous, Jul. 2019 Stylish, clean and staff are very helpful. Photos of Toc Hostel Barcelona All photos (45) Bedroom (17) Other (7) Hotel amenity (3) Balcony (2) Where is Toc Hostel Barcelona Most Popular Landmarks La Rambla0.9 km Passeig de Gracia0.9 km Sant Pau del Camp1.1 km Cathedral of Barcelona1.2 km Palau Guell1.2 km Parc de Joan Miró1.4 km Getting Around Barcelona Pl. Universitat0.2 km Barcelona Ronda Universitat0.3 km Barcelona Gran Via/Urgell0.5 km Barcelona Comte d'Urgell-Floridablanca0.5 km Barcelona0.7 km Barcelona Passeig de Gracia0.9 km FAQs when booking at Toc Hostel Barcelona Is pricing at Toc Hostel Barcelona comparable to 1 star hotels in Barcelona? In Barcelona, the average nightly rate for 1 star hotels is C$ 158. The expected nightly rate for Toc Hostel Barcelona is around C$ 121; a price that is 43% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Toc Hostel Barcelona to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 1 star hotel in Barcelona. How close is Toc Hostel Barcelona to the nearest airport, Barcelona-El Prat Airport? At 11.8 km away, Barcelona-El Prat Airport is the closest airport to Toc Hostel Barcelona. The average expected drive time from Toc Hostel Barcelona to Barcelona-El Prat Airport is 0h 09m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to Toc Hostel Barcelona? Toc Hostel Barcelona has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Barcelona, renting a car for around C$ 16/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Barcelona-El Prat Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Toc Hostel Barcelona? Yes, Toc Hostel Barcelona has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Toc Hostel Barcelona from the Barcelona city center? The center of L'Antiga Esquerra de l'Eixample, Barcelona, is just 0.7 km away from the front doors of Toc Hostel Barcelona. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Sagrada Familia, which you can get to from Toc Hostel Barcelona using any means of transportation. What is the Toc Hostel Barcelona phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +34 934 534 425. Does Toc Hostel Barcelona have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Toc Hostel Barcelona has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Toc Hostel Barcelona? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Toc Hostel Barcelona, Barcelona? On average, guests have been paying C$ 121 per night to stay at Toc Hostel Barcelona. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 24 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Does Toc Hostel Barcelona have a laundry service? Toc Hostel Barcelona does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Toc Hostel Barcelona from Placa d'Espanya? The popular Placa d'Espanya is just over 1.5 km from Toc Hostel Barcelona. Is Toc Hostel Barcelona close to Passeig de Gracia? 0.9 km - making Passeig de Gracia a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Toc Hostel Barcelona. Home Spain Hotels 320,860 Catalonia Hotels 53,275 Barcelona Hotels 13,954 Barcelona Hotels 7,679 Toc Hostel Barcelona Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
