https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Toronto_Don_Valley_Hotel_and_Suites.htm
Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites, Toronto | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Toronto Hotels 2,431 Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites Hotel 175 Wynford Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada GoodBased on 1,854 reviews 6.5 C$ 171 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites Boasting an outdoor pool and a sauna, Toronto Don Valley Hotel and Suites is situated in Toronto and provides art deco accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool and a sun deck... More Good to Know To Downtown 9.4 km Rating 6.5 Nearest airport Toronto Pearson Intl Distance to airport 23.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 416 449 4111 All policies Amenities at Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Child pool Indoor pool Outdoor pool CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Air purifiers Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Garden Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Private parking Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Elevator Shower Iron and ironing board First-aid kit Adapter Additional bathroom Microwave Additional toilet Alarm clock Balcony Bathtub Breakfast in the room Telephone Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna Coffee machine TV Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Show more Activities Golf Fitness centre Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Health club Spa Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Airport shuttle Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites Top Toronto hotels Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Four Seasons Hotel Toronto places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of University of Toronto - St. George Campus and Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Toronto? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 14300 square feet (1329 square meters), including conference space. C$ 731 Avg. per night View Deals Bisha Hotel Toronto 8.7 Excellent 80 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Bisha Hotel Toronto in Toronto (Downtown Toronto), you'll be a 5-minute walk from Queen Street and 5 minutes by foot from Rogers Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 585 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 100 Front St West-Building A, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of Scotiabank Arena and Metro Toronto Convention Centre. Featured amenities include a computer station, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Toronto? This hotel has facilities measuring 70000 square feet (6503 square meters), including conference space. C$ 666 Avg. per night View Deals Windsor Arms Hotel 6.9 Good 18 Saint Thomas Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Windsor Arms Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Toronto, steps from University of Toronto - St. George Campus and 5 minutes by foot from Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and a 24-hour front desk. C$ 558 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Toronto Hotels closest to Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites Toronto East Inn 22 Metropolitan Road,22, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 5.0 km from current hotel Knights Inn Toronto East provides a comfortable setting while in Toronto. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 933 Avg. per night View Deals Edward Hotel North York 185 Yorkland Boulevard, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 5.1 km from current hotel Situated in Toronto, Edward Hotel North York offers sophisticated 3-star accommodation, as well as an indoor pool. Those staying at the property also have access to free wireless internet and on-site parking. C$ 268 Avg. per night View Deals Glaive Home 7.7 Good Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 5.4 km from current hotel Glaive Home offers a comfortable setting while in Toronto. C$ 93 Avg. per night View Deals The Roehampton Hotel 808 Mount Pleasant Road, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 5.4 km from current hotel The Roehampton Hotel provides 3-star accommodation in Toronto. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 263 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Toronto hotels Hotel 89 Yorkville 89 Avenue Road, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel 89 Yorkville is situated in Toronto and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hi-Toronto Hostel 76 Church Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently positioned, HI Toronto Hostel offers easy access to Toronto's best hot spots. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access throughout the property. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Kensington College Backpackers 10.0 Excellent 280 Augusta Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, Kensington College Backpackers is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport 221 Carlingview Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 17.4 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport offers comfortable rooms and a spa, and is located within a 10-minute drive of Pearson Airport. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Toronto. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Toronto Recommended hotels The Clarence Park 7.7 Good 7 Clarence Square, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada The Clarence Park benefits from a central Toronto position, ideal for exploring the surrounding bars and nightlife. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Pembroke Inn 7.1 Good 117 Pembroke Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Located in Downtown Toronto, Pembroke Inn is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Ryerson University. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Four Seasons Hotel Toronto at Yorkville is a hip setting while visiting Toronto and is close to everything the area has to offer. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 5-star hotel are a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 731 Avg. per night View Deals Le Germain Hotel Maple Leaf Square 9.0 Excellent 75 Bremner Boulevard, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Queens Quay Station. C$ 344 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.5 OkayBased on 1,854 verified guest reviews 6.5Friends 6.6Couples 6.0Families 6.8Solo Traveller type: Friends Couples Families Solo Sort by: Date A 9.7 Excellent Anonymous, Mar. 2017 very good Photos of Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites All photos (37) Bedroom (13) Restaurant (4) Bathroom (3) Gym (2) Where is Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites Most Popular Landmarks Scotiabank Arena10.1 km Yorkdale Shopping Centre10.1 km CN Tower10.4 km Ripley's Aquarium of Canada10.4 km Rogers Centre10.6 km Ricoh Coliseum12.2 km Getting Around Toronto Queens Quay West at Harbourfront Centre10.5 km Toronto Guildwood GO10.8 km Toronto Bloor12.5 km Toronto Downsview Park12.6 km Toronto York University13.9 km Toronto Weston15.2 km FAQs when booking at Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites Is pricing at Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites comparable to 3 star hotels in Toronto? Nightly rates at Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites will generally be 43% cheaper than the average 3-stars hotel in Toronto. When staying at Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 162/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Toronto for a 3-stars hotel. How close is Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites to the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, and Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites is 23.9 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 18m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites? Getting from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 33/day in Toronto. Luckily, Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites considered pet-friendly? Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites. Is there a pool at Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Toronto often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites from the Toronto city center? The center of Don Mills, Toronto, is just 1.8 km away from the front doors of Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Rogers Centre, which you can get to from Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites using any means of transportation. What is the Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites phone number? For questions about Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 416 449 4111. Does Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites? Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites, Toronto? Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 162/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 121/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites? Yes - Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites does have a restaurant. The hotel also has a bar. Does Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Toronto Hotels 2,431 Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
