https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Toronto_Marriott_City_Centre_Hotel.htm
Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel, Toronto | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel Hotel 1 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 645 reviews 8.4 C$ 264 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel Centrally situated, Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel allows for easy access to Toronto's best sightseeing areas. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a swimming pool. The hotel has a gym w... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.2 km Rating 8.4 Nearest airport Toronto Pearson Intl Distance to airport 18.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 416 341 7100 All policies Amenities at Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Executive lounge access Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Private parking Storage available Radio Raised toilet Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Grill Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carbon monoxide detector Carpeted Tile/marble floor Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Cycling Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Key access 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel Top Toronto hotels Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Four Seasons Hotel Toronto places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of University of Toronto - St. George Campus and Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Toronto? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 14300 square feet (1329 square meters), including conference space. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Bisha Hotel Toronto 8.7 Excellent 80 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Bisha Hotel Toronto in Toronto (Downtown Toronto), you'll be a 5-minute walk from Queen Street and 5 minutes by foot from Rogers Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 592 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 100 Front St West-Building A, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of Scotiabank Arena and Metro Toronto Convention Centre. Featured amenities include a computer station, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Toronto? This hotel has facilities measuring 70000 square feet (6503 square meters), including conference space. C$ 672 Avg. per night View Deals Windsor Arms Hotel 6.9 Good 18 Saint Thomas Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Windsor Arms Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Toronto, steps from University of Toronto - St. George Campus and 5 minutes by foot from Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and a 24-hour front desk. C$ 565 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Toronto Hotels closest to Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel Atlas Suites - Cn Tower & Convention Centre- Furnished Apart Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 3-star property makes for an ideal base in Toronto. It is close to Toronto-Dominion Centre, restaurants and shops. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals Residence Inn By Marriott Toronto Downtown / Entertainment District 8.2 Excellent 255 Wellington Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. It provides outdoor tennis courts, an indoor pool and complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals Le Germain Hotel Toronto 8.5 Excellent 30 Mercer Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a rooftop terrace and valet parking. C$ 337 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Regency Toronto 7.9 Good 370 King Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel This hotel is ideally positioned in Downtown Toronto and provides an outdoor pool and a sauna. Unique views of Lake Ontario and Toronto can also be admired from the property. C$ 248 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Toronto hotels Hotel 89 Yorkville 89 Avenue Road, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel 89 Yorkville is situated in Toronto and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hi-Toronto Hostel 76 Church Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently positioned, HI Toronto Hostel offers easy access to Toronto's best hot spots. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access throughout the property. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Kensington College Backpackers 10.0 Excellent 280 Augusta Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, Kensington College Backpackers is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport 221 Carlingview Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 17.4 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport offers comfortable rooms and a spa, and is located within a 10-minute drive of Pearson Airport. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Toronto. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Toronto Recommended hotels The Clarence Park 7.7 Good 7 Clarence Square, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada The Clarence Park benefits from a central Toronto position, ideal for exploring the surrounding bars and nightlife. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Pembroke Inn 7.1 Good 117 Pembroke Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Located in Downtown Toronto, Pembroke Inn is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Ryerson University. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 173 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Four Seasons Hotel Toronto at Yorkville is a hip setting while visiting Toronto and is close to everything the area has to offer. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 5-star hotel are a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Le Germain Hotel Maple Leaf Square 9.0 Excellent 75 Bremner Boulevard, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Queens Quay Station. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.4 GreatBased on 645 verified guest reviews 8.6Couples 8.3Families 7.9Solo 8.5Friends Traveller type: Couples Families Solo Friends Sort by: Date A 9.1 Excellent Anonymous, Nov. 2017 Overall a good stay in a nice hotel conveniently located. There were not any events going on while there and therefore did not experience any of the noise issues that some reviews have mentioned. Hotel is not completely renovated - I was hoping for one of the recently renovated rooms but it was not possible. The room I was in was still very nice but will need some upgrading. Photos of Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel All photos (58) Bedroom (13) Bathroom (7) Restaurant (5) Living room (4) Where is Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Rogers Centre0.2 km CN Tower0.3 km Ripley's Aquarium of Canada0.4 km Union Station0.9 km Scotiabank Arena1.0 km Elgin and Winter Garden Theatres1.5 km Getting Around Toronto Queens Quay West at Harbourfront Centre0.8 km Toronto Union Station0.9 km Toronto Union - Bus1.6 km Toronto 1 Yorkdale St10.3 km Toronto Conistion Rd11.6 km Toronto Weston11.7 km FAQs when booking at Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel Is pricing at Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in Toronto? In Toronto, the average nightly rate for 4 stars hotels is C$ 291. The expected nightly rate for Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel is around C$ 294; a price that is 25% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 4 stars hotel in Toronto. How close is Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel to the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? With a distance of 18.8 km between Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel and the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 14m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel? For the most freedom while visiting Toronto, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Toronto. Is Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel. Is there a pool at Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel? Yes. Many people visiting Toronto look for a hotel with a pool. Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel from the Toronto city center? Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel is 0.1 km away from the center of Waterfront Communities - The Island, Toronto. Consider visiting CN Tower, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel by various forms of transportation. What is the Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 416 341 7100 to talk to a Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel front desk representative. Does Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel? Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel, Toronto? A good deal at Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel right now is between C$ 179 and C$ 294 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel? Yes - Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel does have a restaurant. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel from Rogers Centre? Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel is a walkable distance (0.2 km) from Rogers Centre, Toronto. Is Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel close to Royal Ontario Museum? Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Royal Ontario Museum, which is 2.8 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 Toronto Marriott City Centre Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
