https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Toronto-vacation-rentals.htm
Toronto, Canada Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Toronto, Canada Search and compare Toronto, Canada vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Toronto, ON, Canada 19 Nov — 20 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Toronto, ON, Canada Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Search ...and more Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Toronto Hotels 2,431 Toronto Vacation Rentals 1,722 Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular holiday rental in Toronto Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Breathtaking 1br -Stunning View-Parking Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Breathtaking 1BR -Stunning View-Parking is located in Toronto and is close to CN Tower. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi during their stay. View Deals University Apartment Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Only two minutes from Spadina Avenue, University Apartment is located centrally in Toronto. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a swimming pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. View Deals Toronto Furnished Living Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 3-star property makes for an excellent base in Toronto. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. View Deals North York Bb 41 Kenton Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 14.9 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Providing a shuttle service to Pearson Airport, plus free wireless internet, North York BB Bed & Breakfast is a convenient base in Toronto. It also provides luggage storage. View Deals Ghalib Homestay 6.1 Good Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 7.5 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada GoodBased on 106 reviews 6.1 Boasting a ski school, a bowling alley and a swimming pool, Ghalib Homestay is located in Toronto and provides comfortable accommodation. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a sun deck and a beauty centre. View Deals Withmore Suites-Temperance St Apartments Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Adelaide & Bay Executive Suite Free Parking is situated conveniently in Toronto and is within walking distance of Toronto Coach Terminal. It provides free Wi-Fi, and is a brief walk from Toronto Eaton Centre, the Hockey Hall of Fame and Toronto-Dominion Centre. View Deals Room around York University Subway 7.8 Good 65 Leitch Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 15.9 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada GoodBased on 238 reviews 7.8 Nice Room around York University Subway is located in Toronto and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to discover the area's attractions. View Deals Simply Comfort. Elegant Downtown Apartments 7.5 Good Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada GoodBased on 106 reviews 7.5 Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Toronto. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, laundry facilities and luggage storage. View Deals Nb Urban Luxury Suites Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 4.7 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada NB Urban Luxury Suites offers 4-star accommodation in Toronto. It provides free Wi-Fi, luggage storage and laundry facilities. View Deals Beautiful Detached 6 Bedroom House 8 Laxford Ave, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 12.0 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Boasting a swimming pool, Beautiful Detached Clean and Spacious 6 Bedroom House - Toronto is located in Toronto and provides comfortable accommodation. It offers free Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and a terrace. View Deals All 2,431 vacation rentals in Toronto Tips for booking vacation rentals in Toronto Cheapest month: March Most expensive month: August Average price in Toronto: C$ 209/night Cheapest price found: C$ 33/night Cheapest day: Monday Most expensive day: Wednesday C$ 97 - C$ 444 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 106 - C$ 246 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Top Rated Toronto vacation rentals Show all 2,431 hotels 1 iHost Suites Ice Condo 8.3 Excellent Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 3-star property makes for an ideal base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Queens Quay Station. View Deals 2 Simply Comfort Gorgeous Apartments in the Heart of Toronto 7.9 Good Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Centrally located, Simply Comfort Gorgeous Downtown Apartment allows for easy access to Toronto's main retail areas and tourist attractions. It is located a brief walk from CN Tower, Toronto-Dominion Centre and Rogers Centre. View Deals 3 Life Suites Loft - Cn Tower 7.2 Good Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently located in the heart of the city, this 4-star property makes for an excellent base in Toronto. It is close to CN Tower, shops and nightlife options. View Deals 4 New One Bedroom Condo Downtown-Cn Tower Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star property makes for an excellent base in Toronto. It is located a brief walk from CN Tower, Rogers Centre and Toronto-Dominion Centre. View Deals Cheapest vacation rentals in Toronto, Canada Show all 2,431 hotels Atlantis Furnished Suites - York Street Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Queens Quay Station. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Atlas Suites - Cn Tower & Convention Centre- Furnished Apart Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 3-star property makes for an ideal base in Toronto. It is close to Toronto-Dominion Centre, restaurants and shops. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals Pelicanstay In Harrison Garden Boulevard Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 12.0 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Pelicanstay in Harrison Garden Boulevard provides a comfortable setting while in Toronto. It features a fitness centre, as well as free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and a sauna. C$ 117 Avg. per night View Deals Dragon Gate Inn 5.7 Okay 787 Dundas Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Dundas Apartments & Suites is located in Toronto and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to sightsee in the area. C$ 125 Avg. per night View Deals Simply Comfort. Modern Downtown Apartment 7.9 Good Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Toronto. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals Sarkar Suites - Entertainment District Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently located, Sarkar Suites - Entertainment District offers easy access to Toronto's best hot spots. It is situated a short walk from Toronto-Dominion Centre, Rogers Centre and CN Tower. C$ 169 Avg. per night View Deals Toronto Rooms and Suites 357 Spadina Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Located in Downtown Toronto, this hostel is within easy walking distance of the Art Gallery of Ontario and Spadina Avenue. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 254 Avg. per night View Deals Downtown Toronto Luxury Condo 7.8 Good 21 Iceboat Terrace, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 3-star property makes for an ideal base in Toronto. It also offers a library, free Wi-Fi and an indoor pool. C$ 340 Avg. per night View Deals Vacation rental prices in Toronto 2 stars and under #1 Most popular North York Bb 41 Kenton Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada C$ 392 View Deal #2 Most popular Beautiful Detached 6 Bedroom House 8 Laxford Ave, Toronto, ON, Canada C$ 411 View Deal Best value Room around York University Subway 65 Leitch Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada 7.8 C$ 115 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in Toronto Hotels in popular Canada cities Niagara Falls Montreal Vancouver Ottawa Calgary Victoria Québec City Banff Edmonton Whistler Show more Hotels in popular Toronto neighbourhoods Roncesvalles, Toronto vacation rentals Rexdale-Kipling, Toronto vacation rentals Don Mills, Toronto vacation rentals York University Heights, Toronto vacation rentals The Kingsway, Toronto vacation rentals Chinatown, Toronto vacation rentals The Annex, Toronto vacation rentals Yonge-Eglinton, Toronto vacation rentals West Hill, Toronto vacation rentals East York, Toronto vacation rentals Show more Vacation rentals in popular Canada cities Toronto Niagara Falls Montreal Vancouver Ottawa Calgary Victoria Québec City Banff Edmonton Show more Facts about staying in Toronto How much does a vacation rental in Toronto cost? Toronto vacation rentals are C$ 209/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, October is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Toronto, and October is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 34/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 185/night or less is still considered a good deal. What is the best Toronto vacation rental? Simply Comfort Gorgeous Apartments in the Heart of Toronto has a 7.9 rating from 382 users, making it the best Toronto vacation rental based on our data. What’s the closest vacation rental to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? It’s only 13.1 km from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Toronto Airport Travelers Home (the nearest Toronto vacation rental to the airport). What part of Toronto is best to stay in? Thornhill is the best part of Toronto to stay in based on our user data. Out of all our users who looked at Toronto vacation rentals, 86% of them looked for stays in the Thornhill neighbourhood in the last year. The Two level, walkout basement apartment with FREE Wifi and Free Parking happens to be the most popular vacation rental in the Thornhill neighbourhood of Toronto. What’s the most popular vacation rental in Toronto near Rogers Centre? If you’re looking for a vacation rental close to Rogers Centre while in Toronto, then the most popular is Life Suites Loft - Cn Tower with a 7.2/10 review score from 799 users. The distance from Rogers Centre to Life Suites Loft - Cn Tower is 0.4 km. Are there Toronto vacation rentals with “kitchenette” listed as an amenity? You’re in luck! 17 Toronto vacation rentals mention “kitchenette” under their list of amenities. The Ghalib Homestay is the most popular vacation rental in Toronto that features this amenity. Are there any Guest house vacation rentals in Toronto? Yes, there are 141 Guest house vacation rentals in Toronto. According to our data, Home Base is currently the most popular Guest house rental in the city. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Toronto Hotels 2,431 Toronto Vacation Rentals 1,722 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
