https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Knights_Inn_Toronto_East.htm
Toronto East Inn, Toronto | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Toronto Hotels 2,434 Toronto East Inn Toronto East Inn Hotel 22 Metropolitan Road,22, Toronto, ON, Canada C$ 937 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Toronto East Inn Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Toronto East Inn Knights Inn Toronto East provides a comfortable setting while in Toronto. It has a gym, as well as a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. There are a variety of facilities on offer to those s... More Good to Know To Downtown 14.4 km Nearest airport Toronto Pearson Intl Distance to airport 27.1 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 416 293 8171 All policies Amenities at Toronto East Inn Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Restaurant Non-smoking rooms available Express check-out Parking Disabled Access Hairdryer Gift shop Laundry facilities Air-conditioned Refrigerator Safe Sauna Complimentary breakfast Breakfast included Pool Hot tub Microwave 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Playground Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities All amenities Hotels Similar to Toronto East Inn Top Toronto hotels Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Four Seasons Hotel Toronto places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of University of Toronto - St. George Campus and Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Toronto? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 14300 square feet (1329 square meters), including conference space. C$ 736 Avg. per night View Deals Bisha Hotel Toronto 8.7 Excellent 80 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Bisha Hotel Toronto in Toronto (Downtown Toronto), you'll be a 5-minute walk from Queen Street and 5 minutes by foot from Rogers Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 589 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 100 Front St West-Building A, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of Scotiabank Arena and Metro Toronto Convention Centre. Featured amenities include a computer station, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Toronto? This hotel has facilities measuring 70000 square feet (6503 square meters), including conference space. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Windsor Arms Hotel 6.9 Good 18 Saint Thomas Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Windsor Arms Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Toronto, steps from University of Toronto - St. George Campus and 5 minutes by foot from Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and a 24-hour front desk. C$ 562 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Toronto Hotels closest to Toronto East Inn Sweet Home 7.5 Good 8 Arkona Dr, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Sweet Home Tam O'Shanter - Sullivan Toronto provides a comfortable setting while in Toronto. C$ 93 Avg. per night View Deals Glaive Home 7.7 Good Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from current hotel Glaive Home offers a comfortable setting while in Toronto. C$ 93 Avg. per night View Deals Delta Hotels by Marriott Toronto East 2.0 Mediocre 2035 Kennedy Road, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from current hotel Offering a sauna, a swimming pool and a beauty centre, Delta Hotels by Marriott Toronto East is an ideal place for a rejuvenating break and presents unique views of Toronto. This property is conveniently situated in Scarborough. C$ 599 Avg. per night View Deals Edward Hotel North York 185 Yorkland Boulevard, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.7 km from current hotel Situated in Toronto, Edward Hotel North York offers sophisticated 3-star accommodation, as well as an indoor pool. Those staying at the property also have access to free wireless internet and on-site parking. C$ 270 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Toronto hotels Hotel 89 Yorkville 89 Avenue Road, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel 89 Yorkville is situated in Toronto and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hi-Toronto Hostel 76 Church Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently positioned, HI Toronto Hostel offers easy access to Toronto's best hot spots. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access throughout the property. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Kensington College Backpackers 10.0 Excellent 280 Augusta Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, Kensington College Backpackers is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport 221 Carlingview Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 17.4 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport offers comfortable rooms and a spa, and is located within a 10-minute drive of Pearson Airport. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Toronto. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Toronto Recommended hotels The Clarence Park 7.7 Good 7 Clarence Square, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada The Clarence Park benefits from a central Toronto position, ideal for exploring the surrounding bars and nightlife. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Pembroke Inn 7.1 Good 117 Pembroke Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Located in Downtown Toronto, Pembroke Inn is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Ryerson University. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 172 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Four Seasons Hotel Toronto at Yorkville is a hip setting while visiting Toronto and is close to everything the area has to offer. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 5-star hotel are a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 736 Avg. per night View Deals Le Germain Hotel Maple Leaf Square 9.0 Excellent 75 Bremner Boulevard, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Queens Quay Station. C$ 347 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Where is Toronto East Inn Most Popular Landmarks Toronto Zoo10.9 km Yorkdale Shopping Centre12.9 km Distillery District13.8 km Massey Hall14.0 km Toronto Eaton Centre14.1 km Elgin and Winter Garden Theatres14.1 km Getting Around Toronto 34 Asquith Ave12.6 km Toronto 1 Yorkdale St12.7 km Toronto Union - Bus14.0 km Toronto Downsview Park14.3 km Toronto York University14.6 km Toronto Union Station15.0 km FAQs when booking at Toronto East Inn How close is Toronto East Inn to the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? At 27.1 km away, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport is the closest airport to Toronto East Inn. The average expected drive time from Toronto East Inn to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport is 0h 21m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Toronto East Inn? For the most freedom while visiting Toronto, consider renting a car for about C$ 33/day and parking it at Toronto East Inn where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Toronto East Inn considered pet-friendly? Toronto East Inn is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Toronto East Inn. Is there a pool at Toronto East Inn? Yes. Many people visiting Toronto look for a hotel with a pool. Toronto East Inn has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Toronto East Inn from the Toronto city center? The center of Tam O'Shanter-Sullivan, Toronto, is just 1.7 km away from the front doors of Toronto East Inn. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Rogers Centre, which you can get to from Toronto East Inn using any means of transportation. What is the Toronto East Inn phone number? The best way to contact Toronto East Inn is by calling +1 416 293 8171. Does Toronto East Inn have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Toronto East Inn has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Toronto East Inn? The standard check-out time at Toronto East Inn is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. Is there a restaurant at Toronto East Inn? There is a restaurant located in Toronto East Inn. Please contact them for kitchen hours. Does Toronto East Inn have a laundry service? Toronto East Inn does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Ontario Hotels 13,763 Toronto Hotels 2,434 Toronto East Inn Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
