https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Toronto_Travellers_Home.htm
Toronto Travellers Home, Toronto | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 Toronto Travellers Home Toronto Travellers Home Hostel 588 Dundas Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada OkayBased on 15 reviews 4.0 C$ 83 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Toronto Travellers Home Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Toronto Travellers Home Situated in Downtown Toronto, Toronto Travellers Home is a short stroll to several local tourist attractions, including The Grange and Spadina Avenue. This hostel is set in the heart of the city. ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.5 km Rating 4.0 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 416 898 4221 All policies Amenities at Toronto Travellers Home Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Enhanced cleaning Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Laundry facilities Air-conditioned Refrigerator Parking Storage available Activities Beach access Services Ticket service Contactless check-in/check-out All amenities Hotels Similar to Toronto Travellers Home Top Toronto hotels Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Four Seasons Hotel Toronto places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of University of Toronto - St. George Campus and Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Toronto? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 14300 square feet (1329 square meters), including conference space. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Bisha Hotel Toronto 8.7 Excellent 80 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Bisha Hotel Toronto in Toronto (Downtown Toronto), you'll be a 5-minute walk from Queen Street and 5 minutes by foot from Rogers Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 592 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 100 Front St West-Building A, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Royal York Gold Experience places you in the heart of Toronto, within a 10-minute walk of Scotiabank Arena and Metro Toronto Convention Centre. Featured amenities include a computer station, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Toronto? This hotel has facilities measuring 70000 square feet (6503 square meters), including conference space. C$ 672 Avg. per night View Deals Windsor Arms Hotel 6.9 Good 18 Saint Thomas Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map With a stay at Windsor Arms Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Toronto, steps from University of Toronto - St. George Campus and 5 minutes by foot from Royal Ontario Museum. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and a 24-hour front desk. C$ 565 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Toronto Hotels closest to Toronto Travellers Home Super 8 by Wyndham Downtown Toronto 222 Spadina Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in the heart of the city, Super 8 by Wyndham Downtown Toronto provides easy access to Toronto's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. It has a day spa, as well as massage services, a swimming pool and a sauna. C$ 721 Avg. per night View Deals The Alexandra Hotel 6.7 Good 77 Ryerson Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, The Alexandra Hotel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 173 Avg. per night View Deals Chinatown Travellers Home 31 Grange Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Centrally located, Chinatown Travellers Home allows for easy access to Toronto's main retail areas and tourist attractions. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals Two Peas Pod Hostel 403 Spadina Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel This hostel is located in Downtown Toronto, and offers free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Toronto hotels Hotel 89 Yorkville 89 Avenue Road, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel 89 Yorkville is situated in Toronto and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hi-Toronto Hostel 76 Church Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Conveniently positioned, HI Toronto Hostel offers easy access to Toronto's best hot spots. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access throughout the property. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Kensington College Backpackers 10.0 Excellent 280 Augusta Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Situated in the popular hub of Downtown Toronto, Kensington College Backpackers is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport 221 Carlingview Drive, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 17.4 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport offers comfortable rooms and a spa, and is located within a 10-minute drive of Pearson Airport. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Toronto. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Toronto Recommended hotels The Clarence Park 7.7 Good 7 Clarence Square, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada The Clarence Park benefits from a central Toronto position, ideal for exploring the surrounding bars and nightlife. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Pembroke Inn 7.1 Good 117 Pembroke Street, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Located in Downtown Toronto, Pembroke Inn is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Ryerson University. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 173 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Toronto 9.1 Excellent 60 Yorkville Avenue, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Four Seasons Hotel Toronto at Yorkville is a hip setting while visiting Toronto and is close to everything the area has to offer. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 5-star hotel are a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Le Germain Hotel Maple Leaf Square 9.0 Excellent 75 Bremner Boulevard, Toronto, ON, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Toronto, ON, Canada Strategically located in the heart of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Toronto. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is within walking distance from Queens Quay Station. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Toronto Travellers Home 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 4.0 MediocreBased on 15 verified guest reviews 7.6Solo Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Toronto Travellers Home All photos (48) Bedroom (19) Other (11) Bathroom (8) Room amenity (3) Where is Toronto Travellers Home Most Popular Landmarks Rogers Centre1.5 km CN Tower1.5 km Ripley's Aquarium of Canada1.6 km Toronto Eaton Centre1.6 km Bloor Street West Annex1.6 km Elgin and Winter Garden Theatres1.7 km Getting Around Toronto Union - Bus1.3 km Toronto Union Station1.8 km Toronto Weston10.5 km Toronto Conistion Rd11.4 km Toronto Downsview Park12.9 km Toronto Bishop Avenue14.4 km FAQs when booking at Toronto Travellers Home Is pricing at Toronto Travellers Home comparable to 1 star hotels in Toronto? Hotels in Toronto that are rated 1 star generally cost C$ 105/night, but on average, Toronto Travellers Home is available for 36% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Toronto Travellers Home for C$ 91/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Toronto. How close is Toronto Travellers Home to the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? At just 17.8 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, to Toronto Travellers Home is 0h 13m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Toronto Travellers Home? Getting from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Toronto Travellers Home can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 33/day in Toronto. Luckily, Toronto Travellers Home has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Toronto Travellers Home from the Toronto city center? The center of Chinatown, Toronto, is just 0.2 km away from the front doors of Toronto Travellers Home. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as CN Tower, which you can get to from Toronto Travellers Home using any means of transportation. What is the Toronto Travellers Home phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 416 898 4221 to talk to a Toronto Travellers Home front desk representative. Does Toronto Travellers Home have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Toronto Travellers Home has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Toronto Travellers Home? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Toronto Travellers Home, Toronto? On average, guests have been paying C$ 91 per night to stay at Toronto Travellers Home. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 32 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Does Toronto Travellers Home have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Toronto Travellers Home. How far is Toronto Travellers Home from Rogers Centre? Toronto Travellers Home is a walkable distance (1.5 km) from Rogers Centre, Toronto. Is Toronto Travellers Home close to Royal Ontario Museum? Royal Ontario Museum is also a popular place to see in Toronto. It is 1.8 km from Toronto Travellers Home. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Toronto Hotels 2,434 Toronto Travellers Home Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
