https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Tosei_Hotel_Cocone_Kanda.htm
Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda, Tokyo | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda Hotel 3-2-10, Uchikanda, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan ExcellentBased on 1,220 reviews 8.2 C$ 55 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda is situated in Central Tokyo, just 20 minutes from Haneda Airport. It is located a brief stroll from INCJ, Mitsukoshi and Bank of Japan. The hotel treats guests to a ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.9 km Rating 8.2 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +81 352 095 541 All policies Amenities at Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Electric kettle Non-smoking rooms available Entire unit wheelchair accessible Disabled Access Linens Towels Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Adapted bath Physical distancing rules Slippers First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Socket near the bed Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Bathtub Restaurant Bidet Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Kettle Carpeted Air-conditioned Air purifiers Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Toilet with grab rails All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Toothbrush Pyjamas Pants press Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Face masks for guests available 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda Top Tokyo hotels The Okura Tokyo 9.3 Excellent 2-10-4 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map A stay at The Okura Tokyo places you in the heart of Tokyo, a 2-minute drive from Tokyo Tower and 7 minutes from Tokyo Imperial Palace. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Tokyo? This hotel has facilities measuring 32292 square feet (3000 square meters), including a conference center. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. C$ 478 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Tokyo Odaiba 8.3 Excellent 1 Chome-9-1 Daiba, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Located in the waterfront area of Tokyo Bay, Hilton Tokyo Odaiba enjoys spectacular 180-degree ocean views. Each guest room provides stunning views of Tokyo's skyline, Rainbow Bridge or Tokyo Tower from a private balcony. The hotel is situated just minutes from a popular entertainment and shopping area as well as a key business and commercial district. With a wide selection of dining options and two levels of flexible meeting facilities, the Hilton Tokyo Odaiba hotel offers both business and leisure travelers a memorable stay like no other. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Tokyo 8.6 Excellent 1-4-1 Mita, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map The Westin Tokyo welcomes you to the center of the most metropolitan city in Japan. Situated in the quiet, upscale area of Ebisu, yet still offering convenient access to the bustling Shibuya and Roppongi areas. Our hotel is perfect for both business and leisure travelers. With its strategic location and thoughtful amenities, our hotel proudly stands in the ranks of some of the best hotels in Tokyo. Our hospitality embodies a modern sophistication that stays true to traditional Japanese values. Classic European décor adorns each room, accompanied by the signature Heavenly® Bed to ensure you leave feeling better than when you arrived. Selected rooms and suites allow you to enjoy views of the iconic Tokyo Tower and to truly embrace the Japanese capital. Just minutes away from JR Ebisu Station, corporate offices, shopping and entertainment centers, The Westin Tokyo holds one of the best locations in the city, making it a simple decision when considering where to stay in Tokyo. C$ 396 Avg. per night View Deals Pullman Tokyo Tamachi 8.7 Excellent 3 1 21 Shibaura, Tokyo, Japan Show on map Pullman Tokyo Tamachi is a luxury hotel located in Tamachi, a town which features canals and is one of the city's leading business districts. It provides direct access to Tamachi Railway Station via an internal walkway. The lobby is decorated by the harmony of natural materials and colourful tones inspired by Japanese Kabuki. The hotel has 143 stylish guest rooms, a live show kitchen, executive lounge and rooftop bar. Perfect for business and leisure travellers. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Tokyo Hotels closest to Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda Ici Hotel Kanda By Relief 8.4 Excellent 1-9-15 Kajicho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel This hotel is located in Central Tokyo, and offers a 24-hour reception, a currency exchange and free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief stroll from Mitsukoshi and Bank of Japan. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Aman Tokyo 10.0 Excellent Otemachi Tower 1-5-6, Otemachi, Chiyodaku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel This modern hotel is in Central Tokyo, a few minutes from INCJ. It also provides meeting rooms, an indoor pool and massage services. C$ 1,923 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Mystays Kanda 8.1 Excellent 1-2-2 Iwamoto-Cho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Located in Central Tokyo, this hotel offers good value accommodation. It also provides laundry facilities, a laundry service and free Wi-Fi. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Nihombashi Muromachi Bay Hotel 7.6 Good 2-4-7 Honcho, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel This hotel is located in Central Tokyo, just a five-minute walk to Mitsukoshi. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Tokyo hotels Tokyo-W-Inn Asakusa 8.4 Excellent 4-6-1, Kotobuki, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Situated in Taito, TOKYO-W-INN Asakusa is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Asakusa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Oak Hotel Edo 8.4 Excellent 2-17-7, Morishita, Koto, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan This Tokyo hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Kiyosumi-shirakawa Metro Station. It also offers complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Agora Place Tokyo Asakusa 7.7 Good 2-2-9 Kotobuki Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Agora Place Asakusa provides 3-star accommodation in Taito. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short stroll from Asakusa Train Station. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel MyStays Asakusa 7.3 Good 1-21-11 Honjo, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located within walking distance of Asakusa Station, Hotel Mystays Asakusa provides guests with an ideal base while in Tokyo. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Tokyo Recommended hotels Via Inn Asakusa 8.2 Excellent 2-33-7 Asakusa, Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Taito, this 3-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from the Asakusa Shrine and Senso-ji. The air-conditioned rooms feature plasma TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi access. C$ 91 Avg. per night View Deals Park Hyatt Tokyo 9.0 Excellent 3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Showcasing views of Shinjuku, Park Hyatt Tokyo is located in Tokyo and provides a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi so guests can unwind during their stay. There is also a gym with a swimming pool. C$ 1,152 Avg. per night View Deals Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi 8.4 Excellent 6-7-11 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Located in Central Tokyo, Candeo Hotels Tokyo Roppongi offers 4-star accommodation and a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a mineral bath. It is situated a short walk from Roppongi Hills, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower and Roppongi. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Centurion Hotel Grand Akasakamitsuke Station 7.6 Good 3-19-3 Akasaka, Tokyo, Japan Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Tokyo, Japan Set just a short stroll from Akasaka, this modern hotel offers both a bar and a restaurant. Popular amenities, such as a sauna and a Jacuzzi, ensure an enjoyable stay in Tokyo. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 1,219 verified guest reviews 8.0Families 8.3Couples 8.6Friends 8.2Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda All photos (21) Bedroom (7) Room amenity (5) Building (3) Front desk (2) Where is Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda Most Popular Landmarks Akihabara Electric Town1.1 km Ginza Mitsukoshi2.0 km Tokyo Dome2.4 km Ueno Koen2.9 km Senso-ji3.8 km Asakusa Jinja3.8 km Getting Around Tokyo Otemachi Financial City Grand Cube0.4 km Tokyo0.9 km Tokyo1.0 km Tokyo Jr Tokyo Station - Yaesu South Exit1.5 km Tokyo Ueno2.8 km Tokyo Ikebukuro Sunshine Bus Terminal6.1 km FAQs when booking at Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda Is pricing at Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda comparable to 3 star hotels in Tokyo? The average rate for a night at Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda is 82% less than the Tokyo average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda is typically C$ 71, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Tokyo. How close is Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda to the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport? With a distance of 15.6 km between Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda and the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 12m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Tokyo Haneda Airport to Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Tokyo Haneda Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda from the Tokyo city center? Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda is 1.3 km away from the center of Chiyoda, Tokyo. Consider visiting Asakusa Jinja, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda by various forms of transportation. What is the Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda phone number? You can reach the front desk of Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda at +81 352 095 541. Does Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda? 10:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda, Tokyo? On average, guests have been paying C$ 71 per night to stay at Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 40 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda? Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda does have a restaurant. Does Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda. How far is Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda from Tokyo Dome? Tokyo Dome in Tokyo is 2.4 km away from Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda. Is Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda close to Akihabara Electric Town? The distance from Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda to Akihabara Electric Town is 1.1 km. Home Japan Hotels 74,253 Tokyo Prefecture Hotels 9,432 Tokyo Hotels 8,924 Tosei Hotel Cocone Kanda Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
