https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Tower_Hotel_at_Fallsview.htm
Tower Hotel at Fallsview, Niagara Falls | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 Tower Hotel at Fallsview Tower Hotel at Fallsview Hotel 6732 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada GoodBased on 3,315 reviews 7.4 C$ 103 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Tower Hotel at Fallsview Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Tower Hotel at Fallsview Tower Hotel at Fallsview is located in Niagara Falls City and is close to local attractions, such as Niagara College Maid of the Mist Campus, Niagara Falls and Fallsview Casino Resort. It is convenien... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.2 km Rating 7.4 Nearest airport Buffalo Distance to airport 32.4 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 800 461 2492 All policies Amenities at Tower Hotel at Fallsview Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Entire unit located on ground floor Disabled Access Linens Towels Gift shop Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Key card access Enhanced cleaning No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Hairdryer Telephone Carpeted Air-conditioned Toilet Toilet paper Safe City view Trash cans TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom 24hr front desk Private parking Storage available Show more Activities Bicycle rental Casino Fishing Services Wedding services Ticket service Daily housekeeping Concierge service Currency exchange on-site All amenities Hotels Similar to Tower Hotel at Fallsview Top Niagara Falls hotels Sheraton on the Falls Hotel 7.5 Good 5875 Falls Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Best Fallsview Guaranteed. Our $50 million renovation is complete and welcomes a new arrival experience. From our unrivaled location overlooking Niagara Falls, the new Sheraton Fallsview Hotel is a premiere hotel with the Best Fallsviews. Fallsview guestrooms and suites offer floor-to-ceiling windows and balconies for spectacular views of the Falls. During your stay, indulge in a celebrity chef inspired menu at Massimo Italian Fallsview Restaurant; Niagara #1 Italian Restaurant, relax at Christienne Fallsview Spa; #1 Spa in Ontario or visit Niagara only Fallsview Rooftop Pool and Bar. Our hotel offers indoor connections to Casino Niagara, Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, and our location in the tourist district is steps from attractions like Niagara's Iconic Boat Ride, Niagara Parks and a short drive to Niagara Wineries. The Sheraton is an inspired choice for meetings, weddings or special events with up to 35,000 square feet of venue space. Whatever brings you to Niagara, at Sheraton we are ready to welcome you! C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Sterling Inn & Spa 9.0 Excellent 5195 Magdalen Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Located in Niagara Falls, Sterling Inn & Spa - an Ontario's Finest Inn is a 5-minute walk from Clifton Hill and 10 minutes by foot from Casino Niagara. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls 7.7 Good 6755 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Situated on the brink of Horseshoe Falls in Canada, the recently renovated Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls is the closest hotel to Niagara Falls. Located in the Fallsview Tourist District near Niagara Falls Convention Centre, Fallsview Casino Resort, Niagara Parks and Niagara City Cruises, our hotel offers breathtaking views, service and amenities. One of our defining features are our signature Fallsview Guest Rooms and Suites with incomparable views of Niagara Falls. We have crafted every inch of the hotel to cater to your every whim for a dream getaway. Savor inspired dining at Milestones on the Falls restaurant. Our inviting open concept lobby is home to Starbucks and Magnificent Tours of Niagara Falls-the area's largest tour company. With more than 23,000 square feet of meeting space, our hotel can accommodate groups of all sizes for events, from business meetings to weddings. We are also the closest hotel to Niagara Falls Convention Centre, with several wineries and golf courses within a short drive. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview 7.1 Good 6455 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview welcomes travelers to Ontario, Canada with friendly service, thoughtful amenities and impressive views. The hotel is on the Fallsview Strip, near Niagara's famous Waterfalls, Niagara Falls Convention Centre and Seneca Niagara Casino. Connected to the Fallsview Casino and Niagara Entertainment Center by a glass walkway, entertainment is just steps away. Our recently renovated hotel offers guest rooms and suites filled with amenities; many have views of the Falls. Stay connected with free Wi-Fi, or relax at the resort-style indoor pool or gym. From our lobby and guest rooms to our popular on-site restaurants and Starbucks cafe, we have a unique hotel for discerning travelers. Couples can head down to Yuk Yuks Comedy Club for live entertainment, while families can share the ultimate arcade experience at Niagara Falls Fun Zone, both located in the hotel. Settle in for a great stay and breathtaking views at Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels closest to Tower Hotel at Fallsview Embassy Suites by Hilton Niagara Falls Fallsview 6.9 Good 6700 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Commanding exclusive views of Niagara Falls, Embassy Suites by Hilton Niagara Falls Fallsview is set in a popular part of Niagara Falls City and offers an indoor pool, a bowling alley and a Jacuzzi. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Radisson Hotel & Suites Fallsview 7.5 Good 6733 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Niagara Falls City, Radisson Hotel & Suites Fallsview is within walking distance of Niagara Falls and offers an indoor pool. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to sightsee in the area. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Falls Marriott Fallsview Hotel & Spa 7.9 Good 6740 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Established in 1998 and situated in Niagara Falls City, Niagara Falls Marriott Fallsview Hotel & Spa provides a sauna and a heated pool, as well as views of Niagara Falls and Niagara River. It also offers free wireless internet. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls 7.3 Good 6546 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Established in 2000 and situated in Niagara Falls City, The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls offers an indoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi, plus views of Horseshoe Falls, Fallsview Casino Resort and Niagara Falls. It is steps from Falls Incline Railway and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Niagara Falls hotels Caravan Inn Motel 8511 Lundys Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Caravan Inn Motel is situated in Niagara Falls City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers an outdoor heated pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview 5.5 Okay 6519 Stanley Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated in Niagara Falls City, Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview is a short walk from Niagara Falls and provides a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor heated pool. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Lodge & Suites 5.8 Okay 7720 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Niagara Falls City, Niagara Lodge & Suites is within a 15-minute drive of St. Catharines/Niagara District Airport and provides an outdoor pool. It also offers meeting rooms, a kids pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Oasis Motel 6.5 Good 5107 Centre Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Victoria, Oasis Motel Niagara Falls City is a short walk to several local attractions, including Niagara River and Niagara Falls. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Niagara Falls Recommended hotels Cozy House B&B 8.8 Excellent 5725 Robinson Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Cozy Inn Bed & Breakfast is set in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby landmarks, including Niagara Falls. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. C$ 155 Avg. per night View Deals Butterfly Manor 9.7 Excellent 4917 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Niagara Transportation Centre, Butterfly Manor provides guests with an ideal base while in Niagara Falls City. It also offers free Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a swimming pool. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Grandview Manor 5359 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated within walking distance of Niagara Transportation Centre, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to discover Niagara Falls City and its surrounds. It is located a short stroll from Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, Niagara Falls and Casino Niagara. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON 8.0 Excellent 5525 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Country Inn & Suites by Radisson Niagara Falls ON is situated in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Niagara River, Niagara Falls and the Rainbow Bridge. It also features an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Tower Hotel at Fallsview 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.4 GoodBased on 3,315 verified guest reviews 7.5Couples 7.4Solo 7.2Friends 7.2Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Tower Hotel at Fallsview All photos (35) Bedroom (10) Outdoors view (5) Other (5) Bathroom (4) Where is Tower Hotel at Fallsview Most Popular Landmarks Niagara Fallsview Casino Resort0.4 km Skylon Tower0.7 km Queen Victoria Park0.8 km Niagara Falls Tower0.9 km Niagara SkyWheel1.4 km Fallsview Indoor Waterpark1.7 km Getting Around Niagara Falls Fallsview Casino0.2 km Niagara Falls Table Rock0.2 km Niagara Falls Casino Niagara1.7 km Niagara Falls Oakwood Dr SW3.1 km Niagara Falls3.6 km FAQs when booking at Tower Hotel at Fallsview How close is Tower Hotel at Fallsview from the Niagara Falls city center? The center of Fallsview, Niagara Falls, is just 0.7 km away from the front doors of Tower Hotel at Fallsview. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Niagara Falls Tower, which you can get to from Tower Hotel at Fallsview using any means of transportation. What is the Tower Hotel at Fallsview phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 800 461 2492. Does Tower Hotel at Fallsview have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Tower Hotel at Fallsview has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Tower Hotel at Fallsview? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Tower Hotel at Fallsview. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Tower Hotel at Fallsview, Niagara Falls? Usually Tower Hotel at Fallsview room prices are around C$ 195/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 54/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Tower Hotel at Fallsview? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Tower Hotel at Fallsview for opening and last order times. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. How far is Tower Hotel at Fallsview from Skylon Tower? Tower Hotel at Fallsview is a good place to stay to see Skylon Tower. It’s 0.7 km away. Is Tower Hotel at Fallsview close to Marineland? The distance from Tower Hotel at Fallsview to Marineland is 1.7 km. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 Tower Hotel at Fallsview Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
