https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/TownePlace_Suites_by_Marriott_Ottawa_Kanata.htm
TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata, Ottawa | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata Hotel 1251 Maritime Way, Ottawa, ON, Canada ExcellentBased on 116 reviews 8.6 C$ 163 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata Located under a 20-minute walk from Terry Fox Bus Station, TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata offers guests an ideal base when in Ottawa. Some of the popular features at this 3-star hotel inc... More Good to Know To Downtown 19.5 km Rating 8.6 Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 613 599 7200 All policies Amenities at TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Cribs available Grill Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Shared lounge/TV area Heating Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Microwave Indoor pool Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Clothes rack Trash cans Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Picnic area Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata Top Ottawa hotels Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 1 Rideau St-Building A, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience places you in the heart of Ottawa, within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill and Byward Market Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 10 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 431 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Ottawa 7.9 Good 11 Colonel By Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Rest assured with our Commitment to Clean experience at The Westin Ottawa hotel. Our modern hotel is located in the Ottawa business district across from the Rideau Canal, an UNESCO World Heritage Site. Our renowned Shore Club restaurant is a popular dining choice for hotel guests and Ottawa locals alike. Stay active during your visit to Canada with our hotel's fitness offerings, including our indoor saltwater pool, our modern fitness center and our private squash courts. Host your next conference or event in our dynamic venues, connected to the Shaw Convention Centre, and take advantage of our state-of-the-art AV equipment and expert planning services. Enjoy a restful night sleep in refined hotel rooms and suites with enriching amenities and stunning views of the Ottawa cityscape. C$ 272 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Chateau Laurier 7.8 Good 1 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Follow in the footsteps of royalty, celebrities and Canada's elite when you stay at our luxury Ottawa hotel, Fairmont Chateau Laurier. In a prime location, with ByWard Market on one side and the Rideau Canal locks on the other, Ottawa's castle has been revitalized to offer you even more luxurious accommodations in Canada's capital. From the chic rooms and suites to the superb event spaces and state-of-the-art facilities, Fairmont's sophisticated signature can be found throughout the majestic chateau. C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt 8.1 Excellent 325 Dalhousie Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Andaz Ottawa Byward Market, is the first Andaz-branded hotel in Canada as well as the first Ottawa hotel under Hyatt’s brand portfolio. The 200-room downtown Ottawa hotel is located in the famed Byward Market neighborhood. The neighborhood is surrounded by more than two-dozen embassies and consulates and is located immediately east of Ottawa’s commercial office core. Among the most beautiful hotels near Byward Market, Andaz Ottawa is a short walk from Parliament Hill. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Ottawa Hotels closest to TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Kanata 8.8 Excellent 900 Great Lakes Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Less than a 20-minute stroll from Terry Fox Bus Station, Homewood Suites By Hilton Ottawa Kanata provides guests with an ideal base when visiting Ottawa. It also offers meeting rooms, an express check-in and check-out feature and an indoor pool. C$ 173 Avg. per night View Deals Residences at Kanata Lakes 8.6 Excellent 1100 Canadian Shield Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Ottawa, just a 10-minute walk from Terry Fox Bus Station, Residences at Kanata Lakes provides 3-star accommodation and free Wi-Fi. It also offers laundry facilities, meeting rooms and an indoor pool. C$ 167 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites Ottawa Kanata, An IHG Hotel 8.1 Excellent 101 Kanata Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Holiday Inn & Suites Ottawa West - Kanata provides contemporary accommodation in Ottawa and is within a five-minute walk of Terry Fox Bus Station. Some of the popular facilities at this award-winning 3-star hotel include an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals Comfort Inn Ottawa West- Kanata 7.4 Good 222 Hearst Way, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Comfort Inn Ottawa West- Kanata is located in Ottawa and offers free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 153 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Ottawa hotels BackpackersHQ 250 Lisgar Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada BackpackersHQ provides comfortable accommodation in the heart of Ottawa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Value Inn Ottawa 2098 Montreal Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Value Inn Ottawa is located in Ottawa and features miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Capital Hill Hotel and Suites 88 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Mackenzie King Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Ottawa Backpackers Inn 7.1 Good 203 York Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in East End, Ottawa Backpackers Inn is a short walk to several local attractions, including Embassy of United States. It also offers luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Ottawa Recommended hotels Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast 16 Seymour Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast is located in Ottawa and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Airport 8.8 Excellent 3605 Paul Anka Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in Ottawa, the hotel provides direct access to Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and features an indoor pool. It has a gym, as well as meeting rooms, a business centre and a designated smoking area. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport 9.1 Excellent 135 Thad Johnson Private, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 10.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Conveniently located minutes from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and bicycle rental. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans 8.4 Excellent 500 Brisebois Crescent, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 16.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East-Orleans is situated in Ottawa and is a short walk from Place d'Orleans Station. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.6 GreatBased on 116 verified guest reviews 9.0Friends 8.0Couples 8.7Solo 9.0Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata All photos (19) Bedroom (6) Bathroom (3) Living room (2) Restaurant (2) Where is TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata Most Popular Landmarks Commissioners Park17.7 km Canadian War Museum18.3 km Lansdowne Park19.6 km Bank Street Promenade19.6 km Canadian Museum of Nature19.8 km Bell Sensplex2.1 km Getting Around Ottawa Kanata Town Centre0.5 km Ottawa Terry Fox0.7 km Ottawa Fallowfield12.9 km Ottawa Bus Terminal19.1 km Ottawa Central19.2 km Ottawa Wellington / Lyon19.3 km FAQs when booking at TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata How close is TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata to the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport? At just 18.1 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport, to TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata is 0h 14m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Ottawa Airport to TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata? Getting from Ottawa Airport to TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 55/day in Ottawa. Luckily, TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Ottawa. Is TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata during their stay. Is there a pool at TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata? Yes, TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata from the Ottawa city center? TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata is 0.6 km away from the center of Kanata, Ottawa. Consider visiting Canadian War Museum, a popular landmark that can be accessed from TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata by various forms of transportation. What is the TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 613 599 7200. Does TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata have Wi-Fi available? Yes, TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata. What is the check-out time at TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata? TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata, Ottawa? C$ 120 per night is the best price found recently for a room at TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata, with average deals around C$ 167 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Does TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata, Ottawa. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata from Canadian Tire Centre? TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata is a walkable distance (2.8 km) from Canadian Tire Centre, Ottawa. Is TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata close to Bell Sensplex? Walking distance - there’s 2.1 km between Bell Sensplex and TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
