https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Travelodge_by_Wyndham_Edmonton_East.htm
Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East, Edmonton | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East Hotel 3414 118 Ave Nw, Edmonton, AB, Canada GoodBased on 162 reviews 6.7 C$ 92 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East is situated in Edmonton and offers guests wired internet. It also provides a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and a hair salon. An atm/cash machine, a wake... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.5 km Rating 6.7 Nearest airport Edmonton Distance to airport 31.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 780 474 0456 All policies Amenities at Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window ATM on-site Family rooms Fan Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Breakfast included Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Kid-friendly buffet Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Radio Non-smoking rooms available Linens Towels Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Sofa Alarm clock Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Chapel/shrine Toilet Toilet paper Safe City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Casino Game room Golf Evening entertainment Pool table Library Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Beauty salon Conference rooms All amenities Hotels Similar to Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East Top Edmonton hotels JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Connect with Confidence at JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District, Alberta's only modern, approachable luxury hotel. Enjoy innovative, state-of-the-art cleanliness protocols, prime access to Rogers Place and the ICE District combined with amenities such as Braven Restaurant, Kindred Food + Drink, The Lobby Bar, Executive Lounge and In Room Dining. Pet-friendly rooms mean that your furry friend doesn’t have to miss out on your Edmonton trip. For health and wellness, our well-being floors are also available where Spa by JW (Thursday-Sunday) and Archetype, our 13,000 sq. ft. health club along with pool, steam rooms and whirlpools await. These, combined with state-of-the-art technology such as mobile key, mobile check in and check out and mobile chat make our modern hotel the ideal destination for work and pleasure in downtown Edmonton. At JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District we are focused on the Whole You and designed to connect you with the things most important to you. C$ 319 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA 7.8 Good 10155 105th Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Discover a Refreshingly Local™ hotel experience with us! Nestled in the heart of Alberta’s capital city, Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA offers the perfect home base for your downtown escape. Gorgeously redesigned rooms and suites feature welcoming origami cranes and fabulous TOTO® Washlets; these high-quality amenities are signature features of APA Hotel in Japan and unique to APA’s Urban-style Hotel concept. Some of our rooms & suites offer city views, and all include free wi-fi, mini fridges and triple-sheeted beds. Pet-friendly accommodation is also available, so four-legged friends can join in on the fun. Begin and end your day in downtown Edmonton with breakfast at Prestons Restaurant + Lounge or stop in for lunch, dinner and or a night cap before returning to your room. If you’re interested in getting to know the area, we make it easy: our hotel is just a six-minute walk to the ICE District & Rogers Place, and we also offer a free downtown shuttle service. Coming by car? We offer covered secure parking with in and out privileges for $20.95 per night. If hosting an event is on your agenda, we provide adaptable venues with flexible venues include an expansive ballroom that can seat up to 500 theatre-style, as well as several smaller rooms for boardroom meetings, intimate seminars and breakout discussion. C$ 140 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton 8.2 Excellent 16615 109th Avenue North West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Enjoy a comfortable stay at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel West Edmonton. Conveniently located within minutes of West Edmonton Mall and the city center, the hotel offers a contemporary base close to everything the city has to offer. Our signature chocolate chip cookie, our gift to you at check-in, is a taste of the warm, inviting service to come. Contemporary guest rooms offer all you need to unwind and stay productive, including complimentary WiFi, a generous workspace, a 42-inch HDTV and plush bedding. This hotel in Edmonton, AB, also offers a range of elegant suites including bi-level suites, two bedroom suites and the presidential suite. It is easy to maintain your exercise regime with our 24-hour fitness center, featuring the latest equipment. Afterwards, enjoy a relaxing swim in the heated indoor pool. Savor global cuisine with a local twist at Stages Kitchen & Bar or meet with friends for a signature DoubleTree Chocolate Chip Martini. For an unforgettable experience, join us at the Mayfield Dinner Theater and enjoy a Las Vegas-style show and a delicious buffet, full of tempting options and indulgent desserts. With two ballrooms, 15 meeting rooms and an amphitheater, this DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel in Edmonton, AB, is equipped for any event – from important conferences to dream weddings. Let our professional team members help plan all the finer details, from A/V equipment hire to personalized catering options, ensuring a memorable and flawless event. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel 8.3 Excellent 10111 Ellerslie Road South West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Elegant, sleek and stylishly modern, Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel is four-star hospitality at its best. Surrounded by wide-open prairie skies, this gem is just a 15-minute drive from Edmontons city center and Edmonton International Airport (YEG), and features a distinctive combination of elegant furnishings and impressive amenities to ensure an outstanding experience.Choose to unwind in the luxurious indoor pool and whirlpool, enjoy a hearty meal at Denny's Restaurant, catch the game at Bar One, or experience chic dining and drinks with friends at Chop Steakhouse & Bar. Then, at the end of the day, slip under the plush, premium-comfort bedding and enjoy all the in-suite conveniences such as free Wi-Fi that make your room a home away from home. C$ 105 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Edmonton Hotels closest to Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Edmonton North, An IHG Hotel 8.2 Excellent 13742 50th Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.3 km from current hotel Located in Edmonton, the hotel is within a 35-minute drive of Edmonton International Airport and provides a Jacuzzi and a swimming pool. It has a fitness centre, as well as a concierge, a 24-hour reception and an atm/cash machine. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals Eastglen Inn 7.1 Good 6918 118th Avenue, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.5 km from current hotel Eastglen Inn is situated in Edmonton and features complimentary Wi-Fi. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is minutes on foot from Coliseum Railway Station. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Coliseum Inn 11845 Wayne Gretzky Drive, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from current hotel Coliseum Inn provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Edmonton. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 438 Avg. per night View Deals Sands Inn & Suites 12340 Fort Road North West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 4.1 km from current hotel Sands Inn & Suites Edmonton is situated in Edmonton and features complimentary wireless internet. It also provides meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and a Jacuzzi. C$ 104 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Edmonton hotels Hi Edmonton 8.3 Excellent 10647 81 Avenue Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located amongst a variety of well-known attractions, boutiques and restaurants, HI-Edmonton is ideal for guests wishing to discover Edmonton and its surroundings. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Economy Inn 5.2 Okay 4009 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Economy Inn Edmonton is situated in Edmonton and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 61 Avg. per night View Deals Whitemud Inn Edmonton South 6.2 Good 4805 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located in Edmonton, the motel is a short drive from University Of Alberta and West Edmonton Mall. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Thriftlodge Edmonton 5.2 Okay 21640 Stony Plain Road, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Thriftlodge Edmonton provides a comfortable setting when in Edmonton. It also offers laundry facilities, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Edmonton Recommended hotels Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre 8.0 Excellent 11727 Kingsway Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Edmonton. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sun deck and meeting rooms. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton 10266 103 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Edmonton. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 1,179 Avg. per night View Deals Tru by Hilton Edmonton Windermere 8.1 Excellent 6025 Andrews Way, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 14.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Tru By Hilton Edmonton Windermere is situated in Edmonton and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features an indoor pool and a gym. C$ 105 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Edmonton. It also offers an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 319 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.7 OkayBased on 162 verified guest reviews 6.6Couples 5.2Friends 6.7Families 7.3Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East All photos (19) Bedroom (8) Other (3) Bathroom (2) Conference room (2) Where is Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East Most Popular Landmarks Telus World of Science11.2 km Southgate Center12.4 km Fort Edmonton Park13.9 km South Edmonton Common15.0 km Galaxyland15.9 km West Edmonton Mall16.1 km Getting Around Edmonton University of Alberta Hotel10.5 km Edmonton Ramada Edmonton South11.0 km Edmonton Gateway Blvd Nw11.9 km Edmonton Edmonton Southgate Lrt12.4 km Edmonton 9850 34 Ave Nw12.9 km Edmonton Welcome Center6.8 km FAQs when booking at Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East How close is Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East to the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport? With no traffic, the 31.8 km drive between Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East and Edmonton Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 24m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Edmonton Airport to Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East? For the most freedom while visiting Edmonton, consider renting a car for about C$ 36/day and parking it at Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Edmonton Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East during their stay. How close is Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East from the Edmonton city center? Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East is just 6.5 km away from the center of Edmonton. You can easily get to other landmarks from Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East, including Northlands Coliseum, which has been found to be a popular place to visit amongst tourists. What is the Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 780 474 0456. Does Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East? Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East, Edmonton? Usually Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East room prices are around C$ 97/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 72/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East? Yes, food can be ordered from the Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East restaurant. Opening times may vary. The hotel also has a bar. Does Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East have a laundry service? Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton East Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
