https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Travel_Inn_Hotel_New_York.htm
Travel Inn Hotel, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Travel Inn Hotel Travel Inn Hotel Hotel 515 West 42nd Street, New York, NY, United States C$ 126 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Travel Inn Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Travel Inn Hotel Located in Manhattan, this hotel provides good value accommodation. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. This contemporary hotel provides a 24-hour receptio... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.8 km Nearest airport Newark Distance to airport 16.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 695 7171 All policies Amenities at Travel Inn Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Terrace/Patio Parking Disabled Access Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Gift shop Elevator Air-conditioned Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Safe Room service Iron and ironing board Pool Desk Coffee shop 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Services Ticket service Business centre Daily housekeeping Concierge service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to Travel Inn Hotel Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to Travel Inn Hotel YOTEL New York 7.2 Good 570 Tenth Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The New York Times Building. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 205 Avg. per night View Deals Distrikt Hotel New York City, Tapestry Collection by Hilton 7.6 Good 342 West 40th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Offering 4-star modern accommodation, Distrikt Hotel New York City is ideally located in Manhattan. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, a safe and free Wi-Fi. C$ 183 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express New York City Times Square 6.5 Good 343 West 39th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Holiday Inn Express - Times Square provides a modern setting while in New York City. It is close to The New York Times Building, shops and nightlife options. C$ 209 Avg. per night View Deals Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square 7.6 Good 339 West 39th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel This modern hotel is in Manhattan, a short stroll to The New York Times Building. It also provides valet parking, an express check-in and check-out feature and free Wi-Fi. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Travel Inn Hotel All photos (35) Bedroom (9) Pool (7) Other (6) Outdoors view (3) Where is Travel Inn Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Times Square0.9 km Broadway1.0 km Madison Square Garden1.1 km Bryant Park1.4 km Empire State Building1.5 km Carnegie Hall1.5 km Getting Around New York 375 W 42nd St0.4 km New York 11th Avenue and 36th Street0.5 km New York Port Authority0.6 km New York W 34th St and 11th Ave0.7 km New York 417 W 34th St0.7 km New York 201 West 37th St0.9 km FAQs when booking at Travel Inn Hotel Is pricing at Travel Inn Hotel comparable to 2 star hotels in New York? There is a 78% difference in the average nightly rate of 2 stars hotels in New York and the average nightly rate at Travel Inn Hotel. The rate at Travel Inn Hotel is just C$ 126/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in New York. How close is Travel Inn Hotel to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? At just 22.7 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, to Travel Inn Hotel is 0h 17m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Travel Inn Hotel? For the most freedom while visiting New York, consider renting a car for about C$ 50/day and parking it at Travel Inn Hotel where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Travel Inn Hotel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting New York. Is there a pool at Travel Inn Hotel? Yes, Travel Inn Hotel has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Travel Inn Hotel from the New York city center? Travel Inn Hotel is 0.3 km away from the center of Hell's Kitchen, New York. Consider visiting Madison Square Garden, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Travel Inn Hotel by various forms of transportation. What is the Travel Inn Hotel phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Travel Inn Hotel please call +1 212 695 7171. Does Travel Inn Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Travel Inn Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Travel Inn Hotel? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Travel Inn Hotel. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Travel Inn Hotel, New York? A good deal at Travel Inn Hotel right now is between C$ 102 and C$ 126 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. How far is Travel Inn Hotel from Rockefeller Center? Rockefeller Center in New York is 1.4 km away from Travel Inn Hotel. Is Travel Inn Hotel close to Times Square? If you want to see Times Square while visiting New York, Travel Inn Hotel is just 0.9 km away. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Travel Inn Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
