https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Travelodge_by_Wyndham_Hotel_Convention_Centre_Quebec_City.htm
Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City, Québec City | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City Hotel 3125 Hochelaga Boulevard, Québec City, QC, Canada GoodBased on 1,453 reviews 7.5 C$ 116 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City This pet-friendly hotel is located in Quebec City and offers an indoor pool, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. Its premium amenities include a sauna and a gym. Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Conventio... More Good to Know To Downtown 8.6 km Rating 7.5 Nearest airport Québec City Distance to airport 7.2 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 418 653 4901 All policies Amenities at Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Entire unit located on ground floor Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Child pool Indoor pool CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Private parking Storage available Quiet street view Radio Raised toilet Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fireplace EV charging station Seating area Elevator Shampoo Iron and ironing board Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath First-aid kit Additional bathroom Microwave Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Garage Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Carbon monoxide detector Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining table Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Casino Board games/puzzles Fitness centre Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa 24-hour security Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City Top Québec City hotels Le Capitole Hôtel 9.2 Excellent 972, Rue Saint-Jean, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Capitole Hôtel places you in the heart of Québec City, within a 10-minute walk of Quebec City Convention Center and Quebec City Town Hall. Featured amenities include dry cleaning/laundry services, a 24-hour front desk, and luggage storage. C$ 320 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Pur, Quebec, A Tribute Portfolio Hotel 8.1 Excellent 395 Rue de la Couronne, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map With sleek rooms and a premier Quebec City location, Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio is the perfect spot for a memorable stay. Our downtown property is surrounded by a blend of modern and historical sites, including Old Quebec City, the Quebec City Convention Centre and the Videotron Centre. Settle into our spacious rooms which offer plush bedding, flat-screen TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi. Upgrade to a suite to benefit from generous living areas and panoramic views. The urban electricity and strong roots of the local area are infused in the murals throughout our hotel. Take advantage of our indoor pool and state-of-the-art fitness centre to stay active while away from home. Recharge with drinks from our lobby's Wine Bar and innovative cuisine from our restaurant, Table. Host a conference or wedding in our flexible event spaces, including a ballroom & private terrace. Elevate your stay in our upscale accommodations at Hotel PUR, a Tribute Portfolio. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Quebec 8.2 Excellent 1100 Rene Levesque East, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Welcome to the Hilton Québec hotel, the best scenic location in Québec City! Experience the new Hilton Québec hotel! Over 70% of the hotel has gone through major renovation. You will be pleased by one or more of the many such projects undertaken. From the urban style of the lobby, to the relocation of the executive lounge to the total renovation of 50% of our guestrooms, you are certain to see and experience the new look and feel of our beautiful establishment. By the end of 2010, the hotel will be completely renovated. Visit our Renovation section for more details! On Parliament Hill, the hotel stands guard over the heritage and charm of Canada's oldest city. Located across the street from the Old City, with indoor access to the Québec City Convention Centre and Place Québec shops, the Hilton Québec hotel is also just steps away from all major tourist attractions and festivals. The hotel is only a 20 minute-drive from the airport or five minutes from the train or bus stations. All rooms offer spectacular views of "Vieux-Québec": the majestic St. Lawrence River, the Parliament or the Laurentian Mountains. Upgrade to our luxurious Executive guestrooms offering additional special touches for an exceptional hotel experience. Executive Floors guests can check in and out expeditiously in the exclusive Lounge courtesy of a personal Concierge. Features Include: Heated outdoor swimming pool, open year-round, Fully equipped fitness center with panoramic view, Allegro restaurant and bar, serving international cuisine and renowned for its famous theme buffets. 20 luxurious meeting/banquet rooms for groups of up to 1400, including the largest ballroom in Québec City and the Plaines meeting room situated on the 23rd floor with a scenic view of Old Québec. Complete self-service business center, Complimentary stay for children (younger than 18 yrs old). They will be delighted by all the little thoughtful attentions by our employees such as a welcoming gift. The Hilton Québec hotel is pet-friendly! Hotel Specials - Offering you an opportunity to enhance your experience while staying in Quebec city. A UNESCO world heritage treasure, Québec City is a must-see vacation destination. Travel should take you places. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort 8.4 Excellent 7900 Rue du Marigot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map Enjoy a warm welcome and friendly service at DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort. Located next to Golf de la Faune, the only championship course in Québec City, our modern hotel offers direct access to Highway 73 and is close to numerous business in Old Quebec/Lebourgneuf and Charlesbourg. We’re situated near attractions including Wendake Village, Valcartier, Ski Le Relais and Stoneham Ski mountain, and offer snowmobile rental in the winter months. Our property’s peaceful ambiance is ideal for travelers seeking a tranquil stay. Enjoy a workout in our fitness center, or retreat to your guest room or suite, complete with work desk, mini-refrigerator, HDTV and coffee machine. Indulge in an outdoor thermal experience steps from your room, with our Nordic thermal baths, polar bath with waterfall, Californian hot tub and Finnish sauna. Dine in style in Le Dijon for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Our cozy restaurant features gourmet cuisine and stunning views of the Golf de la Faune. Eat on the terrace while enjoying the extensive wine, beer or cocktail menu. Try the delicious honey made from our very own beehives, or pick up snacks and travel items at our convenience store. When you need a show-stopping event venue, DoubleTree by Hilton Quebec Resort offers over 5,000 sq. ft. of flexible meeting space, including three ballrooms with magnificent views, tailored A/V equipment, exceptional catering and professional staff. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Québec City Hotels closest to Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City L'Oasis du Pirate B&B 1068, Avenue Duchesneau, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of Sainte-Foy Railway Station, this comfortable bed and breakfast is a convenient base for those wanting to explore Quebec City and its surrounds. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a terrace and luggage storage. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hôtel Québec 7.9 Good 3115, Avenue Des Hôtels, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel L'Hotel Quebec is situated in Quebec City and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a heated pool. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Québec 6.0 Good 3055 Boul. Laurier, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Sainte-Foy Railway Station, Auberge Quebec offers guests a convenient base while in Quebec City. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a beauty centre and an outdoor pool. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Plaza Quebec 7.6 Good 3031 Boulevard Laurier, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Boasting a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Hotel Plaza Quebec is located in Quebec City and offers comfortable accommodation. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a playground and a beauty centre. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Québec City hotels Auberge Maeva 671, Rue St-Francois, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Maeva is a comfortable base while visiting Quebec City and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers free Wi-Fi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Jeunesse La Belle Planete Backpackers Hostel 5.9 Okay 386 Rue du Pont, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Auberge Jeunesse Planete Backpackers Hostel is located in Quebec City and is close to the area's popular attractions. Those staying at the property have access to a swimming pool and a sun deck. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Internationale De Quebec 8.3 Excellent 19 Rue Sainte-Ursule, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Set in the heart of the city, Auberge Internationale de Quebec provides easy access to Quebec City's popular retail and sightseeing areas. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals La Halte Internationale Smilekonnects 6.2 Good 449 Avenue Santerre, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada La Halte Internationale SmileKonnects is located in Quebec City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers bicycle rental, a concierge and meeting rooms. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Québec City Recommended hotels Hotel 71 by Preferred Hotels & Resorts 9.0 Excellent 71, Saint-Pierre Street, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel 71 Quebec City allows for easy access to Quebec City's best tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. C$ 240 Avg. per night View Deals C3- Hotel Art De Vivre 8.3 Excellent 170, Grande Allée Ouest, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Situated in Quebec City, this 3-star property is contemporary and charming. It provides complimentary wireless internet access and features a rooftop terrace with panoramic city views. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Econo Lodge Airport 7.2 Good 7320 Boul. Wilfrid-Hamel, Sainte-Foy, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 12.1 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada The hotel provides 2-star accommodation in Quebec City, just minutes from Quebec City Jean Lesage International Airport. It also offers a currency exchange, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 84 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Priori 9.1 Excellent 15, Rue Sault-au-Matelot, Québec City, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Québec City, QC, Canada Conveniently positioned, Hotel le Priori offers easy access to Quebec City's popular tourist attractions. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 187 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.5 GoodBased on 1,453 verified guest reviews 7.8Couples 7.9Solo 7.6Friends 7.2Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City All photos (29) Bedroom (11) Building (4) Restaurant (3) Room amenity (3) Where is Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City Most Popular Landmarks Laurier Quebec1.3 km Quebec Aquarium Park1.7 km Aquarium du Quebec1.8 km Parc de la Chute-Montmorency18.1 km Village Vacances Valcartier23.8 km Mont Sainte-Anne45.7 km Getting Around Québec City Sainte-Foy1.0 km Québec City Sainte-Foy1.1 km Québec City Laurier (chul)1.6 km Québec City Vallée14.6 km Québec City Pyramide de Sainte-Foy2.9 km Québec City Université Laval3.0 km FAQs when booking at Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City How close is Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City to the nearest airport, Québec City Airport? With a distance of 7.2 km between Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City and the nearest airport, Québec City Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 05m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Québec City Airport to Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City? For the most freedom while visiting Québec City, consider renting a car for about C$ 41/day and parking it at Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Québec City. Is Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City. Is there a pool at Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Québec City often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City from the Québec City city center? Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City is 1.1 km away from the center of Saint-Louis, Québec City. Consider visiting Place Royale, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City by various forms of transportation. What is the Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City phone number? For questions about Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 418 653 4901. Does Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City? Yes, Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City? Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City, Québec City? A good deal at Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City right now is between C$ 25 and C$ 131 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City for opening and last order times. A bar is also available on-site. Does Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City have a laundry service? Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City from Quebec Aquarium Park? Quebec Aquarium Park in Québec City is 1.7 km away from Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City. Is Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City close to Aquarium du Quebec? Aquarium du Quebec is also a popular place to see in Québec City. It is 1.8 km from Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Québec City Hotels 718 Travelodge by Wyndham Hotel & Convention Centre Quebec City Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
