https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Travelodge_by_Wyndham_Niagara_Falls_At_the_Falls.htm
Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls, Niagara Falls | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls Hotel 4943 Clifton Hill, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada GoodBased on 1,053 reviews 7.6 C$ 82 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls Offering an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls is located in Niagara Falls City and is a short stroll from Casino Niagara and Niagara Falls. It is steps from ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.9 km Rating 7.6 Nearest airport Toronto Pearson Intl Distance to airport 79.0 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 905 357 4330 All policies Amenities at Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Radio Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Gift shop Elevator Laundry facilities Free toiletries Heated pool Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Hot tub Microwave Outdoor pool Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Delivered food is securely covered Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Pool cover Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Private bathroom 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Show more Services Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls Top Niagara Falls hotels Sheraton on the Falls Hotel 7.5 Good 5875 Falls Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Best Fallsview Guaranteed. Our $50 million renovation is complete and welcomes a new arrival experience. From our unrivaled location overlooking Niagara Falls, the new Sheraton Fallsview Hotel is a premiere hotel with the Best Fallsviews. Fallsview guestrooms and suites offer floor-to-ceiling windows and balconies for spectacular views of the Falls. During your stay, indulge in a celebrity chef inspired menu at Massimo Italian Fallsview Restaurant; Niagara #1 Italian Restaurant, relax at Christienne Fallsview Spa; #1 Spa in Ontario or visit Niagara only Fallsview Rooftop Pool and Bar. Our hotel offers indoor connections to Casino Niagara, Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, and our location in the tourist district is steps from attractions like Niagara's Iconic Boat Ride, Niagara Parks and a short drive to Niagara Wineries. The Sheraton is an inspired choice for meetings, weddings or special events with up to 35,000 square feet of venue space. Whatever brings you to Niagara, at Sheraton we are ready to welcome you! C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Sterling Inn & Spa 9.0 Excellent 5195 Magdalen Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Located in Niagara Falls, Sterling Inn & Spa - an Ontario's Finest Inn is a 5-minute walk from Clifton Hill and 10 minutes by foot from Casino Niagara. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls 7.7 Good 6755 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Situated on the brink of Horseshoe Falls in Canada, the recently renovated Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls is the closest hotel to Niagara Falls. Located in the Fallsview Tourist District near Niagara Falls Convention Centre, Fallsview Casino Resort, Niagara Parks and Niagara City Cruises, our hotel offers breathtaking views, service and amenities. One of our defining features are our signature Fallsview Guest Rooms and Suites with incomparable views of Niagara Falls. We have crafted every inch of the hotel to cater to your every whim for a dream getaway. Savor inspired dining at Milestones on the Falls restaurant. Our inviting open concept lobby is home to Starbucks and Magnificent Tours of Niagara Falls-the area's largest tour company. With more than 23,000 square feet of meeting space, our hotel can accommodate groups of all sizes for events, from business meetings to weddings. We are also the closest hotel to Niagara Falls Convention Centre, with several wineries and golf courses within a short drive. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview 7.1 Good 6455 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview welcomes travelers to Ontario, Canada with friendly service, thoughtful amenities and impressive views. The hotel is on the Fallsview Strip, near Niagara's famous Waterfalls, Niagara Falls Convention Centre and Seneca Niagara Casino. Connected to the Fallsview Casino and Niagara Entertainment Center by a glass walkway, entertainment is just steps away. Our recently renovated hotel offers guest rooms and suites filled with amenities; many have views of the Falls. Stay connected with free Wi-Fi, or relax at the resort-style indoor pool or gym. From our lobby and guest rooms to our popular on-site restaurants and Starbucks cafe, we have a unique hotel for discerning travelers. Couples can head down to Yuk Yuks Comedy Club for live entertainment, while families can share the ultimate arcade experience at Niagara Falls Fun Zone, both located in the hotel. Settle in for a great stay and breathtaking views at Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels closest to Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls Thriftlodge Niagara Falls at the Falls 7.0 Good 4945 Clifton Hill, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This charming motel is situated close to Niagara Falls in Niagara Falls City. It is steps from Niagara River and is near the area's well-known attractions and dining spots. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Sheraton on the Falls Hotel 7.5 Good 5875 Falls Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Directly connected to a 3 acre indoor water park that features a giant wave pool, Sheraton on the Falls will keep all family members entertained while in Niagara Falls City. It is a short stroll from Casino Niagara and Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, and provides views of Niagara Falls. C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Crowne Plaza Niagara Falls-Fallsview 6.1 Good 5685 Falls Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Boasting views of Casino Niagara, Niagara Falls and Horseshoe Falls, Crowne Plaza Hotel-Niagara Falls/Falls View is steps from Niagara Falls City's attractions and landmarks. It also offers a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a heated pool. C$ 111 Avg. per night View Deals The Falls Hotel & Inn 6.8 Good 5657 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Niagara Falls City, The Falls Hotel & Inn is a short walk from Niagara Falls and features an indoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Niagara Falls hotels Caravan Inn Motel 8511 Lundys Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Caravan Inn Motel is situated in Niagara Falls City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers an outdoor heated pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview 5.5 Okay 6519 Stanley Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated in Niagara Falls City, Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview is a short walk from Niagara Falls and provides a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor heated pool. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Lodge & Suites 5.8 Okay 7720 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Niagara Falls City, Niagara Lodge & Suites is within a 15-minute drive of St. Catharines/Niagara District Airport and provides an outdoor pool. It also offers meeting rooms, a kids pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Oasis Motel 6.5 Good 5107 Centre Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Victoria, Oasis Motel Niagara Falls City is a short walk to several local attractions, including Niagara River and Niagara Falls. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Niagara Falls Recommended hotels Cozy House B&B 8.8 Excellent 5725 Robinson Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Cozy Inn Bed & Breakfast is set in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby landmarks, including Niagara Falls. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. C$ 155 Avg. per night View Deals Butterfly Manor 9.7 Excellent 4917 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Niagara Transportation Centre, Butterfly Manor provides guests with an ideal base while in Niagara Falls City. It also offers free Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a swimming pool. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Grandview Manor 5359 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated within walking distance of Niagara Transportation Centre, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to discover Niagara Falls City and its surrounds. It is located a short stroll from Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, Niagara Falls and Casino Niagara. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON 8.0 Excellent 5525 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Country Inn & Suites by Radisson Niagara Falls ON is situated in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Niagara River, Niagara Falls and the Rainbow Bridge. It also features an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 1,053 verified guest reviews 7.6Families 7.3Solo 7.6Couples 7.8Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls All photos (40) Bedroom (13) Building (5) Other (5) Pool (4) Where is Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls Most Popular Landmarks Niagara SkyWheel0.1 km Fallsview Indoor Waterpark0.2 km Casino Niagara0.2 km Rainbow Tower0.3 km Rainbow Bridge0.4 km Bird Kingdom0.5 km Getting Around Niagara Falls Casino Niagara0.2 km Niagara Falls Fallsview Casino1.3 km Niagara Falls Table Rock1.5 km Niagara Falls2.1 km Niagara Falls Oakwood Dr SW4.3 km FAQs when booking at Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls Is pricing at Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls comparable to 3 star hotels in Niagara Falls? Nightly rates at Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls will generally be 52% cheaper than the average 3-stars hotel in Niagara Falls. When staying at Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 88/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Niagara Falls for a 3-stars hotel. Is there a pool at Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls? Yes, Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls from the Niagara Falls city center? Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls is 0.8 km away from the center of Fallsview, Niagara Falls. Consider visiting Niagara Falls Tower, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls by various forms of transportation. What is the Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls phone number? You can reach the front desk of Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls at +1 905 357 4330. Does Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls? Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls, Niagara Falls? Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 88/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 67/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls for opening and last order times. Does Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls that can be used by guests. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls from Skylon Tower? You can walk to Skylon Tower while staying at Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls - you’ll be about 0.8 km away. Is Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls close to Marineland? 2.9 km - making Marineland a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls At the Falls Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
