https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Travelodge_Hotel_by_Wyndham_Montreal_Airport.htm
Travelodge Hotel Montreal Airport, Montreal | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Travelodge Hotel Montreal Airport Travelodge Hotel Montreal Airport Hotel 7300 Chemin De La Cote-de-Liesse, Montreal, QC, Canada MediocreBased on 4 reviews 2.3 C$ 232 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Travelodge Hotel Montreal Airport Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Travelodge Hotel Montreal Airport Just a 10-minute drive from Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport, Travelodge Hotel by Wyndham Montreal Airport provides convenient and comfortable accommodation. It also offers an out... More Good to Know To Downtown 10.8 km Rating 2.3 Nearest airport Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Distance to airport 4.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Internet Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 514 733 8818 All policies Amenities at Travelodge Hotel Montreal Airport Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Safe Computer use available Room service Restaurant Express check-out Long-term parking (surcharge) Cable or satellite TV Laundry facilities Elevator Garden Air-conditioned 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Services Conference rooms Airport shuttle Business centre Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities All amenities Hotels Similar to Travelodge Hotel Montreal Airport Top Montreal hotels Hotel Birks Montreal 8.8 Excellent 1240 Rue Du Square Phillips, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Hotel Birks Montreal is a cosmopolite luxury boutique hotel featuring 132 distinctive and sumptuous rooms. Ideally located in the heart of the Quebec megalopolis. Overlooking the famous Square Phillips, the hotel offers a distinctive and unforgettable experience. The sumptuous rooms along with the service quality, guests will feel special in very way. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals Le Mount Stephen 9.2 Excellent 1440 Drummond Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map A stay at Le Mount Stephen places you in the heart of Montreal, steps from Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-out. Planning an event in Montreal? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 4725 square feet (439 square meters), including conference space. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Montreal 9.4 Excellent 1228 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map Opened in 1912, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal has always been recognized as one of the best luxury hotels in Montreal. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal is indeed the only AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Quebec and one of the city's most esteemed 5 star hotels. Year after year, the Ritz-Carlton Montreal has achieved a captivating balance between tradition and innovation. Thanks to a $200 million dollar renovation in 2012, this historic icon is a prestigious place where cutting-edge technology and traditions are harmoniously married together. The Ritz-Carlton Montreal invites you to experience the comfort and luxury of the most elegant address in the city, whether you take a dip in the rooftop saltwater pool, rest in one of the contemporary designed suites or take a table at the hotel's romantic French restaurant, Maison Boulud. As a prestigious iconic luxury hotel, valued guests will have the chance to live a unique experience starting from the lobby and the original Palm court where numerous details from 1912 remain. C$ 519 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Crystal Montreal 1100, Rue de la Montagne, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map This family-friendly Montreal hotel is located in a shopping district, within a 5-minute walk of Sainte-Catherine Street and The Underground City. Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts are also within 10 minutes. Lucien L'Allier Station is only a 4-minute walk and Bonaventure Station is 7 minutes. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Montreal Hotels closest to Travelodge Hotel Montreal Airport Crowne Plaza Montreal Airport 6.8 Good 6600 Cote De Liesse, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Situated in Montreal, the hotel is within a 15-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers an indoor pool, a bowling alley and a sauna. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as an express check-in and check-out feature, a free shuttle service and a beauty centre. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Montreal Airport Conference Centre 6.4 Good 4545 Boul. Cote-Vertu Ouest, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from current hotel Providing a shuttle to Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport, as well as complimentary Wi-Fi, the hotel is a convenient base in Montreal. It also offers a swimming pool, meeting rooms and a ballroom. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Ruby Foo's 7.4 Good 7655 Decarie Boulevard, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from current hotel Featuring an outdoor heated pool and a sauna, Hotel Ruby Foo's is situated in Montreal and provides modern accommodation. It is set amongst a range of popular eateries and is within a 10-minute walk of De La Savane Station. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals Aloft Montreal Airport 7.9 Good 500 Mcmillan Avenue, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 4.3 km from current hotel The hotel offers 3-star accommodation in Montreal, just moments from Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport. It also features an indoor pool and a gym. C$ 156 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Montreal hotels Auberge L'Apero 5.7 Okay 1425 Mackay, Suite 2, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Only two minutes from Concordia University, Auberge L'Apero is centrally located in Montreal. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Peel Station. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Montreal Central 7.9 Good 1586 Saint-Hubert, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada The hostel is located amongst Montreal's well-known tourist attractions, just a brief walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal. Only a short stroll from Saint Denis Street, it offers trendy rooms equipped with a private bathroom, free wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Alternative 8.1 Excellent 358 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge Alternative is surrounded by a variety of nightlife spots and is moments on foot from Old Port of Montreal - Longueuil Ferry. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Bleury Furnished Suites by Hometrotting 1009 Rue de Bleury, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Strategically located in the centre of the city, this 4-star property makes for an ideal base in Montreal. It offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, and is a brief stroll from Bank of Montreal and Montreal's Underground City. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Montreal Recommended hotels Auberge Saintlo Montréal 8.4 Excellent 1030, Mackay Street, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Featuring an on-site bar, this central Montreal hostel is situated just a short walk from Bell Centre and Concordia University. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and free Wi-Fi. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Plateau 8.3 Excellent 185 Rue Sherbrooke Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, Auberge du Plateau-Mont-Royal is within a 25-minute drive of Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and offers a rooftop terrace. It is situated in close proximity to plenty of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge Saint-Paul - Hostel 347 Rue Saint-Paul Est, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Auberge Saint-Paul Old Montreal is located in Montreal and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 753 Avg. per night View Deals Auberge du Carre St-Louis 8.0 Excellent 3466, Rue St-Denis, Montreal, QC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Montreal, QC, Canada Located in Montreal, just a short walk from Gare d'autocars de Montreal, Auberge du Carre St-Louis provides 3-star accommodation and complimentary wireless internet. It also offers a rooftop terrace, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Travelodge Hotel Montreal Airport 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 2.3 BadBased on 4 verified guest reviews 2.4Couples 2.0Solo Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Travelodge Hotel Montreal Airport All photos (10) Bedroom (2) Bar (1) Bathroom (1) Building (1) Where is Travelodge Hotel Montreal Airport Most Popular Landmarks Centre Bell10.3 km Eaton Centre10.3 km Christ Church Cathedral10.4 km Place Ville-Marie10.5 km Place Bonaventure10.7 km Notre-Dame Basilica11.5 km Getting Around Montreal Saint-Denis & Saint-Joseph10.1 km Montreal Central10.6 km Montreal Robert-Bourassa & René-Lévesque10.6 km Montreal René-Lévesque & Jeanne-Mance11.0 km Montreal Bus11.5 km Montreal Kirkland12.5 km FAQs when booking at Travelodge Hotel Montreal Airport How close is Travelodge Hotel Montreal Airport to the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? At just 4.5 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, to Travelodge Hotel Montreal Airport is 0h 03m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Travelodge Hotel Montreal Airport? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Travelodge Hotel Montreal Airport from the Montreal city center? Travelodge Hotel Montreal Airport is just 2.8 km away from the center of Saint-Laurent, Montreal. From Travelodge Hotel Montreal Airport you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Vieux-Port de Montréal. What is the Travelodge Hotel Montreal Airport phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 514 733 8818 to talk to a Travelodge Hotel Montreal Airport front desk representative. What is the check-out time at Travelodge Hotel Montreal Airport? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. Is there a restaurant at Travelodge Hotel Montreal Airport? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Travelodge Hotel Montreal Airport for opening and last order times. Does Travelodge Hotel Montreal Airport have a laundry service? Travelodge Hotel Montreal Airport does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Quebec Hotels 10,518 Montreal Hotels 2,510 Travelodge Hotel Montreal Airport Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
