https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Travelodge_by_Wyndham_Edmonton_West.htm
Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West, Edmonton | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West Hotel 18320 Stony Plain Rd Nw, Edmonton, AB, Canada GoodBased on 37 reviews 6.1 C$ 73 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West provides a modern setting when in Edmonton. It also features water slides, an indoor pool and meeting rooms. Luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and an at... More Good to Know To Downtown 10.4 km Rating 6.1 Nearest airport Edmonton Distance to airport 26.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 780 483 6031 All policies Amenities at Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Enhanced cleaning Computer use available ATM on-site Restaurant Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Disabled Access Hairdryer Grill Gift shop Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Safe Room service Iron and ironing board Coffee machine Picnic area Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Indoor pool 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Water slide Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Game room Services Conference rooms Business centre Daily housekeeping Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West Top Edmonton hotels JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Connect with Confidence at JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District, Alberta's only modern, approachable luxury hotel. Enjoy innovative, state-of-the-art cleanliness protocols, prime access to Rogers Place and the ICE District combined with amenities such as Braven Restaurant, Kindred Food + Drink, The Lobby Bar, Executive Lounge and In Room Dining. Pet-friendly rooms mean that your furry friend doesn’t have to miss out on your Edmonton trip. For health and wellness, our well-being floors are also available where Spa by JW (Thursday-Sunday) and Archetype, our 13,000 sq. ft. health club along with pool, steam rooms and whirlpools await. These, combined with state-of-the-art technology such as mobile key, mobile check in and check out and mobile chat make our modern hotel the ideal destination for work and pleasure in downtown Edmonton. At JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District we are focused on the Whole You and designed to connect you with the things most important to you. C$ 319 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA 7.8 Good 10155 105th Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Discover a Refreshingly Local™ hotel experience with us! Nestled in the heart of Alberta’s capital city, Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA offers the perfect home base for your downtown escape. Gorgeously redesigned rooms and suites feature welcoming origami cranes and fabulous TOTO® Washlets; these high-quality amenities are signature features of APA Hotel in Japan and unique to APA’s Urban-style Hotel concept. Some of our rooms & suites offer city views, and all include free wi-fi, mini fridges and triple-sheeted beds. Pet-friendly accommodation is also available, so four-legged friends can join in on the fun. Begin and end your day in downtown Edmonton with breakfast at Prestons Restaurant + Lounge or stop in for lunch, dinner and or a night cap before returning to your room. If you’re interested in getting to know the area, we make it easy: our hotel is just a six-minute walk to the ICE District & Rogers Place, and we also offer a free downtown shuttle service. Coming by car? We offer covered secure parking with in and out privileges for $20.95 per night. If hosting an event is on your agenda, we provide adaptable venues with flexible venues include an expansive ballroom that can seat up to 500 theatre-style, as well as several smaller rooms for boardroom meetings, intimate seminars and breakout discussion. C$ 140 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton 8.2 Excellent 16615 109th Avenue North West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Enjoy a comfortable stay at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel West Edmonton. Conveniently located within minutes of West Edmonton Mall and the city center, the hotel offers a contemporary base close to everything the city has to offer. Our signature chocolate chip cookie, our gift to you at check-in, is a taste of the warm, inviting service to come. Contemporary guest rooms offer all you need to unwind and stay productive, including complimentary WiFi, a generous workspace, a 42-inch HDTV and plush bedding. This hotel in Edmonton, AB, also offers a range of elegant suites including bi-level suites, two bedroom suites and the presidential suite. It is easy to maintain your exercise regime with our 24-hour fitness center, featuring the latest equipment. Afterwards, enjoy a relaxing swim in the heated indoor pool. Savor global cuisine with a local twist at Stages Kitchen & Bar or meet with friends for a signature DoubleTree Chocolate Chip Martini. For an unforgettable experience, join us at the Mayfield Dinner Theater and enjoy a Las Vegas-style show and a delicious buffet, full of tempting options and indulgent desserts. With two ballrooms, 15 meeting rooms and an amphitheater, this DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel in Edmonton, AB, is equipped for any event – from important conferences to dream weddings. Let our professional team members help plan all the finer details, from A/V equipment hire to personalized catering options, ensuring a memorable and flawless event. C$ 159 Avg. per night View Deals Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel 8.3 Excellent 10111 Ellerslie Road South West, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map Elegant, sleek and stylishly modern, Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel is four-star hospitality at its best. Surrounded by wide-open prairie skies, this gem is just a 15-minute drive from Edmontons city center and Edmonton International Airport (YEG), and features a distinctive combination of elegant furnishings and impressive amenities to ensure an outstanding experience.Choose to unwind in the luxurious indoor pool and whirlpool, enjoy a hearty meal at Denny's Restaurant, catch the game at Bar One, or experience chic dining and drinks with friends at Chop Steakhouse & Bar. Then, at the end of the day, slip under the plush, premium-comfort bedding and enjoy all the in-suite conveniences such as free Wi-Fi that make your room a home away from home. C$ 105 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Edmonton Hotels closest to Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West Wingate by Wyndham Edmonton West 7.8 Good 18220 100 Avenue, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Wingate by Wyndham - Edmonton West is situated in Edmonton and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 3-star hotel include a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals Courtyard by Marriott Edmonton West 8.6 Excellent 10011 184th Street, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Courtyard Edmonton West is located in Edmonton and features a Jacuzzi, an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. Its premium amenities include a sauna and a fitness centre. C$ 160 Avg. per night View Deals Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Edmonton/West 8.5 Excellent 18304 100 Avenue, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Featuring a Jacuzzi, an indoor pool and outdoor tennis courts, Hampton Inn & Suites Edmonton/West is located in Edmonton and provides comfortable accommodation. It also features meeting rooms, highchairs and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 140 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites West Edmonton-Mall Area 8.6 Excellent 18520 100 Avenue Northwest, Building 2, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Boasting a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, Holiday Inn Express & Suites - West Edmonton-Mall Area is located in Edmonton and offers comfortable accommodation. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, meeting rooms and a games room. C$ 121 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Edmonton hotels Hi Edmonton 8.3 Excellent 10647 81 Avenue Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located amongst a variety of well-known attractions, boutiques and restaurants, HI-Edmonton is ideal for guests wishing to discover Edmonton and its surroundings. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Economy Inn 5.2 Okay 4009 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Economy Inn Edmonton is situated in Edmonton and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 61 Avg. per night View Deals Whitemud Inn Edmonton South 6.2 Good 4805 Gateway Boulevard, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Located in Edmonton, the motel is a short drive from University Of Alberta and West Edmonton Mall. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Thriftlodge Edmonton 5.2 Okay 21640 Stony Plain Road, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Thriftlodge Edmonton provides a comfortable setting when in Edmonton. It also offers laundry facilities, a 24-hour reception and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Edmonton Recommended hotels Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre 8.0 Excellent 11727 Kingsway Northwest, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Chateau Louis Hotel & Conference Centre provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Edmonton. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sun deck and meeting rooms. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals Crash Hotel Downtown Edmonton 10266 103 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hotel makes for an ideal base in Edmonton. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 1,179 Avg. per night View Deals Tru by Hilton Edmonton Windermere 8.1 Excellent 6025 Andrews Way, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 14.4 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Tru By Hilton Edmonton Windermere is situated in Edmonton and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features an indoor pool and a gym. C$ 105 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District 9.1 Excellent 10344-102 Street NW, Edmonton, AB, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Edmonton, AB, Canada Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Edmonton. It also offers an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 319 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.1 OkayBased on 37 verified guest reviews 5.1Couples 6.0Families 7.8Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date C 8.6 Great celina, Mar. 2017 The bed had a metal sticking out which I bumped my leg on several times. ..and I was unable to move it. Photos of Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West All photos (41) Other (8) Bedroom (7) Conference room (3) Gym (3) Where is Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West Most Popular Landmarks Southgate Center10.3 km Edmonton Ski Club10.8 km Commonwealth Stadium10.9 km Northlands Coliseum12.5 km Century Casino14.6 km South Edmonton Common14.7 km Getting Around Edmonton Welcome Center10.1 km Edmonton Edmonton Southgate Lrt10.2 km Edmonton Ramada Edmonton South11.1 km Edmonton Rosslyn Inn and Suites11.5 km Edmonton Gateway Blvd Nw11.7 km Edmonton Bonnie Doon Mall12.4 km FAQs when booking at Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West How close is Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West to the nearest airport, Edmonton Airport? There are 26.2 km between the closest airport, Edmonton Airport, and Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 20m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Edmonton Airport to Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West? Getting from Edmonton Airport to Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 36/day in Edmonton. Luckily, Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Edmonton Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West during their stay. Is there a pool at Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West? Yes. Many people visiting Edmonton look for a hotel with a pool. Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West from the Edmonton city center? Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West is just 10.4 km away from the center of Edmonton. You can easily get to other landmarks from Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West, including Northlands Coliseum, which has been found to be a popular place to visit amongst tourists. What is the Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 780 483 6031 to talk to a Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West front desk representative. Does Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West? Yes, there is a gym available to Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West? Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West, Edmonton? On average, guests have been paying C$ 73 per night to stay at Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 55 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West? Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West does have a restaurant. Does Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West from Galaxyland? Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West is about 2.3 km from Galaxyland, one of Edmonton’s most popular landmarks. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Edmonton Hotels 609 Travelodge by Wyndham Edmonton West Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
