https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Travelodge_by_Wyndham_Las_Vegas.htm
Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas, Las Vegas | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas Motel 2830 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States OkayBased on 528 reviews 5.9 C$ 72 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and offers a Jacuzzi and free Wi-Fi. It also features an outdoor pool and a gym. This unique hotel offers a safe, room service and a 2... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.8 km Rating 5.9 Nearest airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 5.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 702 735 4222 All policies Amenities at Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Enhanced cleaning ATM on-site Radio Non-smoking rooms available Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Disabled Access Hairdryer Safety deposit box Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Fire extinguisher Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Seating area Laundry facilities Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Room service Smoke alarms Heating Iron and ironing board Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Physical distancing rules Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk First-aid kit Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Microwave Private bathroom Garden Outdoor pool 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Alarm clock Private parking Show more Services Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas Top Las Vegas hotels The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at The Venetian Resort Las Vegas, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, a 9-minute walk from Fashion Show Mall and 11 minutes by foot from The Venetian Expo Center. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 2250000 square feet (209030 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals ARIA Resort & Casino 8.3 Excellent 3730 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at ARIA Resort & Casino, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, within a 10-minute walk of Dolby Live and Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 510000 square feet (47380 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With its own casino, Marquee Nightclub and a state-of-the-art spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation and views of the skyline. Those staying at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas can start their day at Boulevard Fitness Center, or use the various fitness amenities, including an outdoor pool and fitness classes. Couples will delight in the resort's features like valet parking and honeymoon suites. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas has 3033 rooms that are fitted with all the essentials to ensure an enjoyable stay. Guests can unwind in the comfortable sitting area. During their stay at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas, guests can dine at Superfrico and relax with a drink at Marquee Dayclub. The resort also offers a daily breakfast that can be enjoyed in the breakfast room, or there is a range of well-known restaurants and cafés in the local area. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas is ideally located for sightseeing in Las Vegas with Panorama Towers and Fountains of Bellagio within walking distance. Free parking is limited to one hour, and at an additional cost thereafter. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals The Palazzo 8.3 Excellent 3325 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map Facilities A lobby and a reception are available to guests. The upper floors are easily accessible using the lift. Amenities include a cloakroom and a safe. Internet access is available in public areas (for a fee). Gastronomic options offered by the hotel include a restaurant, a café and a bar. Shopping facilities are available. A garden is among the features contributing to a pleasant stay. A newspaper stand is also among the amenities at the hotel. Parking facilities available to guests include a garage and a car park. Additional services include room service, a laundry and a hairdressing salon. In addition, a conference room, a business centre and a fax machine are also available. Rooms All rooms feature air conditioning, central heating, a living room and a bathroom. Each accommodation unit features a double bed, a queen-size bed, a king-size bed or a sofa-bed. A safe, a minibar and a desk also feature. The accommodation units offer a range of amenities, including tea and coffee making equipment. An ironing set is also available to guests. Guests can enjoy a comfortable holiday with convenient amenities, including internet access, a telephone, a TV, a radio, a CD player, a DVD player, an alarm clock and wireless internet access. Slippers and the daily paper offer additional comfort. In each of the bathrooms, guests will find a shower, a bathtub, a hairdryer and bathrobes. Sports/Entertainment The hotel features an outdoor pool. Sun loungers and parasols offer the ideal way to unwind. A hot tub provides an opportunity for relaxation. The poolside bar serves a selection of refreshing drinks. Those wishing to enjoy sports whilst on holiday can have fun on-site with tennis. Guests of the hotel can enjoy indoor activities including a gym. Various wellness options are offered, including a spa, a sauna, a steam bath, a beauty salon, massage treatments, anti-aging treatments and a solarium. A casino and a nightclub offer guests additional recreational options. Payment All major credit cards, including American Express, VISA, Diners Club and MasterCard, are accepted for payment. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Las Vegas Hotels closest to Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park 6.4 Good 2880 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Showcasing an indoor theme park with a double-corkscrew roller coaster and circus-themed acts, Circus Circus Hotel Casino & Theme Park is an exciting place to stay and features 4 casinos that are open 24/7. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 3-star rooms and a sports bar. C$ 79 Avg. per night View Deals Royal Vacation Suites 99 Convention Center Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Providing an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Royal Resort is situated in Las Vegas and is a brief walk from Clarion Hotel and Casino. The various amenities this peaceful hotel has to offer include a concierge, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals SAHARA Las Vegas 7.7 Good 2535 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Set in a 20th-century building in Las Vegas, SAHARA Las Vegas combines an old-world feel with modern amenities, including an outdoor pool. In addition to free private parking on site, the hotel features comfortable 4-star rooms and a bar. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals The Rita Suites 7.0 Good 344 East Desert Inn Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel The Rita Suites is set in Las Vegas and is a short walk from Las Vegas Convention Center Monorail Station. Guests can also enjoy free wireless internet. C$ 333 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Las Vegas hotels Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall 5.8 Okay 3330 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Excalibur Hotel & Casino 7.4 Good 3850 S. Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a 100,000-square-foot casino and an exclusive spa, this resort provides contemporary accommodation set within a unique castle-inspired property. It is also minutes from Las Vegas's well-known attractions and landmarks. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Four Queens Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 202 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Queens Hotel and Casino is located in the heart of in Las Vegas and is within walking distance of Greyhound Bus Station. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino 6.6 Good 3500 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Situated in Las Vegas, this 3-star property is cosy and charming. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a free shuttle service. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Las Vegas Recommended hotels Homewood Suites by Hilton Las Vegas City Center 8.7 Excellent 4625 Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Located in Las Vegas, Homewood Suites By Hilton Las Vegas City Center is within a 10-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 4520 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool, Hyatt Place Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and provides comfortable accommodation. Only a short walk from The Joint, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3960 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas provides elegant 5-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features an express check-in and check-out feature, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 458 Avg. per night View Deals Desert Paradise Resort 9.1 Excellent 5165 South Decatur Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 10.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Desert Paradise Resort By Diamond Resorts is located in Las Vegas and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 5.9 PassableBased on 528 verified guest reviews 6.3Solo 6.1Friends 6.0Couples 5.4Families Traveller type: Solo Friends Couples Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas All photos (49) Bedroom (24) Bathroom (9) Pool (5) Front desk (4) Where is Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas Most Popular Landmarks Stratosphere Tower1.3 km TPC Summerlin14.0 km High Roller2.2 km Fountains of Bellagio2.9 km Crystals at City Center3.3 km World Market Center3.5 km Getting Around Las Vegas Westgate Hotel1.0 km Las Vegas Fashion Show Mall1.2 km Las Vegas East Craig Rd12.9 km Las Vegas Lds Temple13.5 km Las Vegas S Las Vegas Blvd2.1 km Las Vegas Harrah's Hotel2.2 km FAQs when booking at Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas Is pricing at Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas comparable to 2 star hotels in Las Vegas? The average rate for a night at Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas is 52% less than the Las Vegas average for similarly rated 2 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas is typically C$ 105, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Las Vegas. How close is Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas to the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport? There are 5.9 km between the closest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, and Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 04m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas? Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Las Vegas, renting a car for around C$ 32/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas? Yes, Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas from the Las Vegas city center? Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas is 2.6 km away from the center of Rancho Oakey, Las Vegas. Consider visiting Thomas and Mack Center, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas by various forms of transportation. What is the Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas please call +1 702 735 4222. Does Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas, Las Vegas? C$ 23 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas, with average deals around C$ 105 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Does Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas, Las Vegas. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas from Fountains of Bellagio? You can walk to Fountains of Bellagio while staying at Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas - you’ll be about 2.9 km away. Is Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas close to Colosseum at Caesars Palace? 2.4 km - making Colosseum at Caesars Palace a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Travelodge by Wyndham Las Vegas Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
