https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Travelodge_Myeongdong_Euljiro.htm
Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro Hotel 61 Supyo-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea ExcellentBased on 753 reviews 8.1 C$ 68 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro Just a few steps away from Euljiro 3(sam)-ga Subway Station (Line 2 & 3) and surrounded by bars and restaurants, Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro is perfect for for those who want to be in the heart of t... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.6 km Rating 8.1 Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 26 240 5000 All policies Amenities at Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Disabled Access Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Shampoo Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Slippers First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Soundproof rooms Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Cable or satellite TV Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Safe City view Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro Nine Tree Premier Hotel Myeongdong 2 8.8 Excellent 28, Mareunnae-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel This hotel is located in Central Seoul, just a short stroll from Namsangol Hanok Village and Myeongdong Cathedral. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet throughout the property. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Sky The Classic 388-5, Samil-Daero, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Central Seoul, this motel is within easy walking distance of Jongno Tower. It is close to Cheonggyecheon, eateries and shops. C$ 70 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Nafore 8.5 Excellent 17, Supyo-ro 18ga-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Cheonggyecheon and Jongno Tower. Guests can also enjoy complimentary wireless internet. C$ 62 Avg. per night View Deals Gs Hotel Jongno 5-5, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel GS Hotel Jongno is located in Seoul and is close to Gyeongbokgung Palace. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is within a 10-minute walk of Jongno 3(sam)-ga Subway Station (Line 1 & 3 & 5). C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 754 verified guest reviews 7.9Families 7.9Solo 8.2Friends 8.1Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro All photos (24) Bathroom (4) Bedroom (4) Laundry facility (3) Restaurant (3) Where is Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro Most Popular Landmarks Gyeongbokgung Palace1.7 km Dongdaemun Market1.7 km Dongdaemun Gate1.9 km Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool13.1 km Yeouido Park7.4 km COEX Mall8.5 km Getting Around Seoul Bus2.2 km Seoul Yongsan4.6 km Seoul Cheongnyangni5.5 km Seoul Sangbong9.1 km FAQs when booking at Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro Is pricing at Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro comparable to 3 star hotels in Seoul? Hotels in Seoul that are rated 3 stars generally cost C$ 143/night, but on average, Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro is available for 50% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro for C$ 96/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Seoul. How close is Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? With a distance of 16.6 km between Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro and the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 12m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro from the Seoul city center? Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro is just 0.3 km away from the center of Gwansu-dong, Seoul. From Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Lotte World. What is the Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro please call +82 (0) 26 240 5000. Does Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro? Yes. You should consider staying at Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro? Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro, Seoul? On average, guests have been paying C$ 96 per night to stay at Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 57 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro? Yes - Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro does have a restaurant. Does Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro from Dongdaemun Gate? You can walk to Dongdaemun Gate while staying at Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro - you’ll be about 1.9 km away. Is Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro close to Gwanghwamun? If you want to see Gwanghwamun while visiting Seoul, Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro is just 1.5 km away. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Travelodge Myeongdong Euljiro Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
