https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Travelodge_by_Wyndham_Niagara_Falls_Bonaventure.htm
Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane, Niagara Falls | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane Hotel 7737 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada OkayBased on 162 reviews 4.0 C$ 62 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane Located in Niagara Falls City, Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Bonaventure is within a 15-minute drive of St. Catharines/Niagara District Airport and offers a sauna and an outdoor heated pool. It ... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.4 km Rating 4.0 Nearest airport Toronto Pearson Intl Distance to airport 76.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 905 374 7171 All policies Amenities at Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Safety deposit box Grill Fire extinguisher Gift shop Elevator Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Indoor pool Outdoor pool Alarm clock CCTV in common areas Allergy-free room CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Restaurant Spa bath Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Sauna Delivered food is securely covered Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Picnic area Upper floors accessible by elevator Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Activities Game room Services Conference rooms Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff 24-hour security Airport shuttle All amenities Hotels Similar to Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane Top Niagara Falls hotels Sheraton on the Falls Hotel 7.5 Good 5875 Falls Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Best Fallsview Guaranteed. Our $50 million renovation is complete and welcomes a new arrival experience. From our unrivaled location overlooking Niagara Falls, the new Sheraton Fallsview Hotel is a premiere hotel with the Best Fallsviews. Fallsview guestrooms and suites offer floor-to-ceiling windows and balconies for spectacular views of the Falls. During your stay, indulge in a celebrity chef inspired menu at Massimo Italian Fallsview Restaurant; Niagara #1 Italian Restaurant, relax at Christienne Fallsview Spa; #1 Spa in Ontario or visit Niagara only Fallsview Rooftop Pool and Bar. Our hotel offers indoor connections to Casino Niagara, Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, and our location in the tourist district is steps from attractions like Niagara's Iconic Boat Ride, Niagara Parks and a short drive to Niagara Wineries. The Sheraton is an inspired choice for meetings, weddings or special events with up to 35,000 square feet of venue space. Whatever brings you to Niagara, at Sheraton we are ready to welcome you! C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Sterling Inn & Spa 9.0 Excellent 5195 Magdalen Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Located in Niagara Falls, Sterling Inn & Spa - an Ontario's Finest Inn is a 5-minute walk from Clifton Hill and 10 minutes by foot from Casino Niagara. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls 7.7 Good 6755 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Situated on the brink of Horseshoe Falls in Canada, the recently renovated Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls is the closest hotel to Niagara Falls. Located in the Fallsview Tourist District near Niagara Falls Convention Centre, Fallsview Casino Resort, Niagara Parks and Niagara City Cruises, our hotel offers breathtaking views, service and amenities. One of our defining features are our signature Fallsview Guest Rooms and Suites with incomparable views of Niagara Falls. We have crafted every inch of the hotel to cater to your every whim for a dream getaway. Savor inspired dining at Milestones on the Falls restaurant. Our inviting open concept lobby is home to Starbucks and Magnificent Tours of Niagara Falls-the area's largest tour company. With more than 23,000 square feet of meeting space, our hotel can accommodate groups of all sizes for events, from business meetings to weddings. We are also the closest hotel to Niagara Falls Convention Centre, with several wineries and golf courses within a short drive. C$ 165 Avg. per night View Deals Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview 7.1 Good 6455 Fallsview Boulevard, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview welcomes travelers to Ontario, Canada with friendly service, thoughtful amenities and impressive views. The hotel is on the Fallsview Strip, near Niagara's famous Waterfalls, Niagara Falls Convention Centre and Seneca Niagara Casino. Connected to the Fallsview Casino and Niagara Entertainment Center by a glass walkway, entertainment is just steps away. Our recently renovated hotel offers guest rooms and suites filled with amenities; many have views of the Falls. Stay connected with free Wi-Fi, or relax at the resort-style indoor pool or gym. From our lobby and guest rooms to our popular on-site restaurants and Starbucks cafe, we have a unique hotel for discerning travelers. Couples can head down to Yuk Yuks Comedy Club for live entertainment, while families can share the ultimate arcade experience at Niagara Falls Fun Zone, both located in the hotel. Settle in for a great stay and breathtaking views at Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls Fallsview. C$ 127 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels closest to Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane Fullerton Manor Inn 7.7 Good 7940 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Featuring an indoor pool, Fullerton Manor Inn is situated in Niagara Falls City and provides comfortable accommodation. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 100 Avg. per night View Deals Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Niagara Falls 6.5 Good 7389 Lundys Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Boasting a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Niagara Falls is located in Niagara Falls City and offers comfortable accommodation. It also provides meeting rooms, a bowling alley and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls 5.5 Okay 8100 Lundys Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Howard Johnson by Wyndham Niagara Falls is located in Niagara Falls City and offers an indoor pool. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 55 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane 7280 Lundys Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Featuring a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool, Days Inn by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane is located in Niagara Falls City and provides comfortable accommodation. It also features a playground, a beauty centre and a 24-hour reception. C$ 468 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Niagara Falls hotels Caravan Inn Motel 8511 Lundys Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Caravan Inn Motel is situated in Niagara Falls City and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. It also offers an outdoor heated pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview 5.5 Okay 6519 Stanley Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated in Niagara Falls City, Days Inn by Wyndham Fallsview is a short walk from Niagara Falls and provides a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor heated pool. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Lodge & Suites 5.8 Okay 7720 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Niagara Falls City, Niagara Lodge & Suites is within a 15-minute drive of St. Catharines/Niagara District Airport and provides an outdoor pool. It also offers meeting rooms, a kids pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Oasis Motel 6.5 Good 5107 Centre Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Located in Victoria, Oasis Motel Niagara Falls City is a short walk to several local attractions, including Niagara River and Niagara Falls. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Niagara Falls Recommended hotels Cozy House B&B 8.8 Excellent 5725 Robinson Street, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Cozy Inn Bed & Breakfast is set in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby landmarks, including Niagara Falls. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. C$ 155 Avg. per night View Deals Butterfly Manor 9.7 Excellent 4917 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Niagara Transportation Centre, Butterfly Manor provides guests with an ideal base while in Niagara Falls City. It also offers free Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a swimming pool. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Niagara Grandview Manor 5359 River Road, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Situated within walking distance of Niagara Transportation Centre, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to discover Niagara Falls City and its surrounds. It is located a short stroll from Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, Niagara Falls and Casino Niagara. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls ON 8.0 Excellent 5525 Victoria Avenue, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Niagara Falls, ON, Canada Country Inn & Suites by Radisson Niagara Falls ON is situated in Niagara Falls City and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Niagara River, Niagara Falls and the Rainbow Bridge. It also features an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 4.0 MediocreBased on 162 verified guest reviews 2.9Friends 5.2Solo 3.9Families 5.0Couples Traveller type: Friends Solo Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane All photos (29) Pool (7) Bedroom (6) Other (4) Building (3) Where is Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane Most Popular Landmarks Niagara Fallsview Casino Resort3.8 km Skylon Tower3.8 km Niagara Falls Tower3.8 km Queen Victoria Park3.9 km Niagara SkyWheel4.1 km Fallsview Indoor Waterpark4.4 km Getting Around Niagara Falls Oakwood Dr SW2.4 km Niagara Falls Fallsview Casino3.8 km Niagara Falls Table Rock4.0 km Niagara Falls Casino Niagara4.4 km Niagara Falls5.6 km FAQs when booking at Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane Is pricing at Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane comparable to 2 star hotels in Niagara Falls? Hotels in Niagara Falls that are rated 2 stars generally cost C$ 97/night, but on average, Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane is available for 48% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane for C$ 68/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Niagara Falls. Is Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane. Is there a pool at Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Niagara Falls often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane from the Niagara Falls city center? Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane is 4 km away from the center of Fallsview, Niagara Falls. Consider visiting Marineland, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane by various forms of transportation. What is the Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane please call +1 905 374 7171. Does Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane, Niagara Falls? Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 68/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 10/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane? Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane does have a restaurant. Does Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane from Skylon Tower? Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane is a good place to stay to see Skylon Tower. It’s 3.8 km away. Is Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane close to Niagara Falls Tower? Walking distance - there’s 3.8 km between Niagara Falls Tower and Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Niagara Falls Hotels 445 Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
