https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Tropicana_Las_Vegas_a_DoubleTree_by_Hilton_Hotel_and_Resort.htm
Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort, Las Vegas | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 Nevada Hotels 8,064 Las Vegas Hotels 3,750 Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort Hotel 3801 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States GoodBased on 1,167 reviews 6.8 C$ 111 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort Established in 1957 and situated in Las Vegas, the resort offers an outdoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi, plus views of Las Vegas Strip. Just minutes from McCarran International Airport, it provides a ... More Good to Know To Downtown 8.9 km Rating 6.8 Nearest airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 2.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Internet Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 702 739 2222 All policies Amenities at Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Kids meals Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Pants press Free parking Picnic area Pool towels Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Pool view Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Radio Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board First-aid kit Sofa Alarm clock Balcony Spa bath Bottle of water Telephone Carpeted Chapel/shrine Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna City view Trash cans Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Casino Golf Evening entertainment Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Massage Services Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Entertainment staff Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort Top Las Vegas hotels The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at The Venetian Resort Las Vegas, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, a 9-minute walk from Fashion Show Mall and 11 minutes by foot from The Venetian Expo Center. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 2250000 square feet (209030 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 222 Avg. per night View Deals ARIA Resort & Casino 8.3 Excellent 3730 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at ARIA Resort & Casino, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, within a 10-minute walk of Dolby Live and Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 510000 square feet (47380 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 224 Avg. per night View Deals The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With its own casino, Marquee Nightclub and a state-of-the-art spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation and views of the skyline. Those staying at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas can start their day at Boulevard Fitness Center, or use the various fitness amenities, including an outdoor pool and fitness classes. Couples will delight in the resort's features like valet parking and honeymoon suites. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas has 3033 rooms that are fitted with all the essentials to ensure an enjoyable stay. Guests can unwind in the comfortable sitting area. During their stay at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas, guests can dine at Superfrico and relax with a drink at Marquee Dayclub. The resort also offers a daily breakfast that can be enjoyed in the breakfast room, or there is a range of well-known restaurants and cafés in the local area. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas is ideally located for sightseeing in Las Vegas with Panorama Towers and Fountains of Bellagio within walking distance. Free parking is limited to one hour, and at an additional cost thereafter. C$ 243 Avg. per night View Deals The Palazzo 8.3 Excellent 3325 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map Facilities A lobby and a reception are available to guests. The upper floors are easily accessible using the lift. Amenities include a cloakroom and a safe. Internet access is available in public areas (for a fee). Gastronomic options offered by the hotel include a restaurant, a café and a bar. Shopping facilities are available. A garden is among the features contributing to a pleasant stay. A newspaper stand is also among the amenities at the hotel. Parking facilities available to guests include a garage and a car park. Additional services include room service, a laundry and a hairdressing salon. In addition, a conference room, a business centre and a fax machine are also available. Rooms All rooms feature air conditioning, central heating, a living room and a bathroom. Each accommodation unit features a double bed, a queen-size bed, a king-size bed or a sofa-bed. A safe, a minibar and a desk also feature. The accommodation units offer a range of amenities, including tea and coffee making equipment. An ironing set is also available to guests. Guests can enjoy a comfortable holiday with convenient amenities, including internet access, a telephone, a TV, a radio, a CD player, a DVD player, an alarm clock and wireless internet access. Slippers and the daily paper offer additional comfort. In each of the bathrooms, guests will find a shower, a bathtub, a hairdryer and bathrobes. Sports/Entertainment The hotel features an outdoor pool. Sun loungers and parasols offer the ideal way to unwind. A hot tub provides an opportunity for relaxation. The poolside bar serves a selection of refreshing drinks. Those wishing to enjoy sports whilst on holiday can have fun on-site with tennis. Guests of the hotel can enjoy indoor activities including a gym. Various wellness options are offered, including a spa, a sauna, a steam bath, a beauty salon, massage treatments, anti-aging treatments and a solarium. A casino and a nightclub offer guests additional recreational options. Payment All major credit cards, including American Express, VISA, Diners Club and MasterCard, are accepted for payment. C$ 156 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Las Vegas Hotels closest to Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort Skylofts at MGM Grand 8.9 Excellent 3799 Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Las Vegas, SKYLOFTS at MGM Grand provides luxury 5-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi and free Wi-Fi. It is ideally close to McCarran International Airport, which is a 10-minute drive away. C$ 1,323 Avg. per night View Deals MGM Grand Hotel and Casino 7.5 Good 3799 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Boasting a lazy river and private poolside cabanas, MGM Grand is ideal for entertainment-seeking guests as it provides nightly performances in the Garden Arena. Only a five-minute walk from MGM Grand Monorail Station, the hotel's convenient setting means it is an ideal place to stay while in Las Vegas. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals New York-New York Hotel & Casino 7.8 Good 3790 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located in Las Vegas, New York - New York Hotel and Casino is within a 10-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 119 Avg. per night View Deals OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas 6.4 Good 115 East Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated in Las Vegas, OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas has direct access to McCarran International Airport and offers free Wi-Fi. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 77 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Las Vegas hotels Royal Vacation Suites 99 Convention Center Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Providing an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Royal Resort is situated in Las Vegas and is a brief walk from Clarion Hotel and Casino. The various amenities this peaceful hotel has to offer include a concierge, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall 5.8 Okay 3330 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Excalibur Hotel & Casino 7.4 Good 3850 S. Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a 100,000-square-foot casino and an exclusive spa, this resort provides contemporary accommodation set within a unique castle-inspired property. It is also minutes from Las Vegas's well-known attractions and landmarks. C$ 53 Avg. per night View Deals Four Queens Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 202 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Queens Hotel and Casino is located in the heart of in Las Vegas and is within walking distance of Greyhound Bus Station. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Las Vegas Recommended hotels Homewood Suites by Hilton Las Vegas City Center 8.7 Excellent 4625 Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Located in Las Vegas, Homewood Suites By Hilton Las Vegas City Center is within a 10-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 184 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 4520 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool, Hyatt Place Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and provides comfortable accommodation. Only a short walk from The Joint, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3960 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas provides elegant 5-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features an express check-in and check-out feature, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 457 Avg. per night View Deals Desert Paradise Resort 9.1 Excellent 5165 South Decatur Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 10.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Desert Paradise Resort By Diamond Resorts is located in Las Vegas and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 121 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.8 OkayBased on 1,167 verified guest reviews 6.9Friends 6.9Couples 7.2Families 7.0Solo Traveller type: Friends Couples Families Solo Sort by: Date A 8.4 Great Anonymous, Apr. 2018 not enough waitresses in casino R 7.3 Good Rod, Nov. 2017 room service was bad they wanted $8 for a cork screw $8 for a knife you would think such a big hotel could bring these up for free Photos of Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort All photos (55) Pool (7) Bedroom (6) Conference room (6) Restaurant (6) Where is Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort Most Popular Landmarks T-Mobile Arena0.6 km MGM Grand Garden Arena0.7 km Crystals at City Center1.0 km Shark Reef Aquarium1.2 km Fountains of Bellagio1.5 km Sam's Town10.0 km Getting Around Las Vegas Tropicana Hotel Bacio0.1 km Las Vegas Tropicana Hotel0.2 km Las Vegas Excalibur0.3 km Las Vegas Bally's Hotel1.6 km Las Vegas Greyhound North11.9 km Las Vegas Lds Temple16.1 km FAQs when booking at Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort Is pricing at Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort comparable to 4 star hotels in Las Vegas? Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort is generally less than the average price of 4 stars hotels in Las Vegas. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 296 per night in Las Vegas. Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort will run you C$ 203 per night, which is 49% cheaper than the Las Vegas average. How close is Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort to the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport? At 2.5 km away, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport is the closest airport to Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort. The average expected drive time from Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport is 0h 01m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort? Getting from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 32/day in Las Vegas. Luckily, Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort? Yes, Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort from the Las Vegas city center? The center of The Strip, Las Vegas, is just 1.5 km away from the front doors of Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Discovery Children's Museum, which you can get to from Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort using any means of transportation. What is the Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort phone number? The best way to contact Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort is by calling +1 702 739 2222. Does Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort? Yes, there is a gym available to Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort, Las Vegas? On average, guests have been paying C$ 203 per night to stay at Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 9 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort? Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort does have a restaurant. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort from Fountains of Bellagio? Fountains of Bellagio in Las Vegas is 1.5 km away from Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort. Is Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort close to Thomas and Mack Center? The distance from Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort to Thomas and Mack Center is 2.6 km. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Nevada Hotels 8,064 Las Vegas Hotels 3,750 Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
