https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Troyes-vacation-rentals.htm
Troyes, France Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Troyes, France Search and compare Troyes, France vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Troyes, Aube, France 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Troyes, Aube, France Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home France Hotels 412,647 Champagne-Ardenne Hotels 5,158 Troyes Hotels 323 Troyes Vacation Rentals 271 Tips for booking vacation rentals in Troyes Cheapest month: March Most expensive month: February Average price in Troyes: C$ 134/night Cheapest price found: C$ 12/night Cheapest day: Thursday Most expensive day: Saturday C$ 13 - C$ 385 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 73 - C$ 93 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Where to stay in Troyes Vacation rentals in popular France cities Paris Lourdes Nice Marseille Avignon Strasbourg Troyes Bordeaux Reims Rouen Show more Hotels in popular France cities Paris Lourdes Nice Roissy-en-France Marseille Avignon Strasbourg Bordeaux Reims Rouen Show more Facts about staying in Troyes How much does a vacation rental in Troyes cost? Troyes vacation rentals are C$ 134/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, June is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Troyes, and March is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 13/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 130/night or less is still considered a good deal. Are there any Aparthotel vacation rentals in Troyes? Yes, there are 6 Aparthotel vacation rentals in Troyes. According to our data, Zenao Appart'hotel Troyes is currently the most popular Aparthotel rental in the city. Home France Hotels 412,647 Champagne-Ardenne Hotels 5,158 Troyes Hotels 323 Troyes Vacation Rentals 271 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
