https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Trump_International_Hotel_Waikiki.htm
Trump International Hotel Waikiki, Honolulu | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 O'ahu Hotels 6,666 Honolulu Hotels 4,655 Trump International Hotel Waikiki Trump International Hotel Waikiki Hotel 223 Saratoga Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States ExcellentBased on 458 reviews 9.3 C$ 514 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Trump International Hotel Waikiki Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Trump International Hotel Waikiki Located in Waikiki, this luxury property is within a 10-minute walk of Royal Hawaiian Center and Mai Tai Bar at Royal Hawaiian Hotel. It also offers a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. Trump Inter... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.2 km Rating 9.3 Nearest airport Honolulu Distance to airport 10.8 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 808 683 7777 All policies Amenities at Trump International Hotel Waikiki Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Infinity pool Hot tub Outdoor pool CCTV in common areas Kids meals CCTV outside property No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Bathrobe Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Beach towels Safety deposit box Elevator Secured parking Minibar Pool bar Iron and ironing board First-aid kit Microwave Alarm clock Spa bath Breakfast in the room Telephone Refrigerator Safe Coffee machine TV Valet parking Desk DVD player Show more Activities Eco tourism Beach access Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Golf Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Grocery deliveries Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Trump International Hotel Waikiki Top Honolulu hotels The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki 8.6 Excellent 2259 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Opened in 1927 and known as the "Pink Palace of the Pacific," The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki is an oasis of timeless luxury on the island of Oahu, Hawaii. Modern yet indigenous, the resort offers unprecedented amenities, refined accommodations and exclusive services – all designed to provide our guests with a 5-star luxury experience while visiting Waikiki. From exquisite accommodations in the landmark Historic Wing and the magnificent Mailani Tower to world-class dining, the 528-room Honolulu luxury hotel embodies the allure of Hawaii's inimitable spirit and rich culture. Embark on an enticing epicurean journey in our award-winning Azure Restaurant, the original Mai Tai Bar, the Royal Hawaiian Bakery and A Royal Hawaiian Luau – Aha Aina, Waikiki’s only oceanfront luau. The intimate Malulani Pool and private beach area both feature pink-hued umbrellas, matching the resort's signature color. Let Hawaii reframe your point of view from our iconic Waikiki luxury resort. C$ 665 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach 8.9 Excellent 383 Kalaimoku Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Discover Waikiki most distinctive luxury resort with ocean views from every corner at The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach. Oahu first Ritz-Carlton property features 552 stylishly-appointed guest rooms and suites in two towers, all of which are ocean facing, providing you with an unparalleled view of the Pacific. With 246 suites, the resort boasts the largest number of hotel luxury suites on the island.Guests can discover a vast array of distinctive experiences along with legendary Ritz-Carlton service. Amenities include the highest infinity pools in Waikiki with private cabanas, and a premier fitness center, and The Ritz-Carlton Spa which offers customized treatments highlighting the traditional healing methods of the islands.Adding to the enjoyment is a fine selection of dining experiences that are both creative in taste and presentation, ensuring an adventure for the senses, including a sushi legend from Japan, modern French cuisine, and a global high-end gourmet market. C$ 800 Avg. per night View Deals The Kahala Hotel & Resort 9.0 Excellent 5000 Kahala Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map With a stay at The Kahala Hotel & Resort in Honolulu (Eastern Honolulu), you'll be a 3-minute drive from Kahala Mall and 8 minutes from Honolulu Zoo. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Honolulu? This resort has facilities measuring 13000 square feet (1208 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 805 Avg. per night View Deals Alohilani Resort Waikiki Beach 8.1 Excellent 2490 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Situated in Waikiki, ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is a short walk from Kuhio Beach Park and offers free Wi-Fi and a saltwater swimming pool. There is also a gym with cardiovascular equipment, outdoor tennis courts and an infinity pool. Offering views of Diamond Head, the hotel is a convenient base for those looking to discover local attractions in Honolulu. For those travelling with children ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH offers supervised child care/activities, a kids pool and a kids club. The rooms are air conditioned and offer a refrigerator, a private balcony and a coffee maker. Each have an in-room safe, a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom with a hair dryer. In-house dining options include a restaurant, which is a convenient place to have a meal. Each evening, guests can relax in the comfortable lounge bar. A choice of dining options are also found close by. ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is within walking distance of Honolulu Zoo, Waikiki Shell and Royal Hawaiian Center. The helpful staff at the tour desk are available to book tours and sightseeing trips in Honolulu. C$ 425 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Honolulu Hotels closest to Trump International Hotel Waikiki Waikiki Shore By Outrigger 7.6 Good Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Situated in Honolulu, Waikiki Shore by Outrigger is within a 10-minute drive of the Honolulu Museum of Art and offers public parking on site. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned apartments. C$ 388 Avg. per night View Deals Embassy Suites by Hilton Waikiki Beach Walk 8.7 Excellent 201 Beachwalk Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Embassy Suites by Hilton Waikiki Beach Walk provides tranquil 4-star accommodation in Honolulu. It has a spa and wellness centre, as well as a heated pool, a sun deck and a Jacuzzi. C$ 489 Avg. per night View Deals Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort 8.9 Excellent 2169 Kalia Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Featuring an outdoor pool, Outrigger Reef Waikiki Beach Resort is located in Honolulu and offers comfortable accommodation. It is steps from Spahalekulani and is close to the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 373 Avg. per night View Deals Imperial Hawaii Resort at Waikiki 8.3 Excellent 205 Lewers Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This Waikiki resort is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to Waikiki Beach, Mai Tai Bar at Royal Hawaiian Hotel and Royal Hawaiian Center. It also offers a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 280 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Honolulu hotels Hostelling International Honolulu 8.8 Excellent 2323A Seaview Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.0 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Hostelling International Honolulu is situated in Honolulu and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sun deck, a library and a swimming pool. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals Polynesian Hostel Beach Club 7.9 Good 2584 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Set in Waikiki, this hostel is within a 10-minute walk of Honolulu Zoo. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Marina Tower Waikiki 1700 Ala Moana Boulevard, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Boasting a swimming pool, outdoor tennis courts and a saltwater swimming pool, Marina Tower Waikiki is situated in Honolulu and provides comfortable accommodation. It also offers valet parking, a terrace and a Jacuzzi. C$ 110 Avg. per night View Deals Waikiki Beachside Hostel 2556 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States This Waikiki hostel is located in an area popular with tourists and is about a 10-minute walk from Honolulu Zoo. It also offers bicycle rental, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. C$ 148 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Honolulu Recommended hotels Hyatt Centric Waikiki Beach 9.1 Excellent 349 Seaside Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Set in Waikiki, this luxury hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Spahalekulani and Waikiki Beach. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 368 Avg. per night View Deals Douglas Waikiki 2.8 Mediocre 2240 Kuhio Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Douglas Waikiki is set in Waikiki and is a short walk from Waikiki Beach and Spahalekulani. Some of the popular facilities at this 4-star property include outdoor tennis courts, an indoor pool and miniature golf. C$ 291 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach 8.9 Excellent 383 Kalaimoku Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Situated in Honolulu, The Ritz-Carlton Residences Waikiki Beach Hotel is within walking distance of Royal Hawaiian Center and provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It is conveniently located for guests wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 800 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Grand Vac Club The Grand Islander Waikiki Honolulu 8.6 Excellent 2023 Kalia Road, Waikiki, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Situated in Honolulu, The Grand Islander by Hilton Grand Vacations provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 611 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Trump International Hotel Waikiki 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.3 ExcellentBased on 457 verified guest reviews 9.3Families 9.2Couples 9.3Friends 9.2Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Trump International Hotel Waikiki All photos (60) Bedroom (15) Living room (9) Bathroom (7) Other (6) Where is Trump International Hotel Waikiki Most Popular Landmarks Waikiki Beach0.5 km Kuhio Beach Park1.1 km Honolulu Zoo1.8 km FAQs when booking at Trump International Hotel Waikiki How close is Trump International Hotel Waikiki to the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport? At just 10.8 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport, to Trump International Hotel Waikiki is 0h 08m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Honolulu Airport to Trump International Hotel Waikiki? Getting from Honolulu Airport to Trump International Hotel Waikiki can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 58/day in Honolulu. Luckily, Trump International Hotel Waikiki has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Trump International Hotel Waikiki considered pet-friendly? Trump International Hotel Waikiki is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Trump International Hotel Waikiki. Is there a pool at Trump International Hotel Waikiki? Yes, Trump International Hotel Waikiki has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Trump International Hotel Waikiki from the Honolulu city center? Trump International Hotel Waikiki is just 0.3 km away from the center of Waikiki, Honolulu. From Trump International Hotel Waikiki you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Pearl Harbor. What is the Trump International Hotel Waikiki phone number? The best way to contact Trump International Hotel Waikiki is by calling +1 808 683 7777. Does Trump International Hotel Waikiki have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Trump International Hotel Waikiki has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Trump International Hotel Waikiki? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Trump International Hotel Waikiki. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Trump International Hotel Waikiki? The standard check-out time at Trump International Hotel Waikiki is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 4:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Trump International Hotel Waikiki, Honolulu? C$ 318 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Trump International Hotel Waikiki, with average deals around C$ 627 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Trump International Hotel Waikiki? Yes - Trump International Hotel Waikiki does have a restaurant. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Trump International Hotel Waikiki have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Trump International Hotel Waikiki. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Trump International Hotel Waikiki from Diamond Head State Monument? The popular Diamond Head State Monument is just over 3.4 km from Trump International Hotel Waikiki. Is Trump International Hotel Waikiki close to Honolulu Museum of Art? 3.2 km - making Honolulu Museum of Art a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Trump International Hotel Waikiki. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 O'ahu Hotels 6,666 Honolulu Hotels 4,655 Trump International Hotel Waikiki Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
