https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Trutch_Manor.htm
Trutch Manor, Victoria | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,281 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Trutch Manor Trutch Manor Hotel 621 Trutch Street, Victoria, BC, Canada C$ 215 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Trutch Manor Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Trutch Manor Trutch Manor provides a comfortable setting when in Victoria. It also offers a concierge, free Wi-Fi and luggage storage. Trutch Manor's rooms provide wireless internet access and a kitchenet... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.4 km Nearest airport Victoria Intl Distance to airport 25.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 AM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 877 900 8877 All policies Amenities at Trutch Manor Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Restaurant Non-smoking rooms available Complimentary breakfast Breakfast included Free parking Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Picnic area Grill Laundry facilities Garden Kitchen Kitchenette Storage available Show more Activities Library Services Wedding services Airport shuttle Concierge service Laundry service Multi-lingual staff All amenities Hotels Similar to Trutch Manor Top Victoria hotels Fairmont Empress 8.1 Excellent 721 Government Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map This Forbes Four-Star, 4-Diamond property offers 464 beautifully appointed guest rooms and suites, Willow Stream Spa with signature West Coast experiences, Outdoor dining on the Q Veranda featuring Pacific Northwest cuisine and award winning wine list, and Q Bar's regionally focused cocktail culture. Located on Vancouver Island, Canada's Castle on the Coast is the ideal starting point to explore British Columbia's stunning natural beauty. C$ 291 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA 8.0 Excellent 146 Kingston Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map The Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA puts you on the waterfront in the heart of British Columbias capital city. Our hotel offers 132 spacious rooms and suites with most featuring captivating views. On-site amenities include an indoor/outdoor pool, exercise room, whirlpool and sauna. At the Blue Crab Seafood House guests can enjoy fabulous westcoast cuisine. C$ 224 Avg. per night View Deals The Oswego Hotel 8.8 Excellent 500 Oswego Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Oswego Hotel in Victoria (James Bay), you'll be a 3-minute walk from Victoria Harbour and 5 minutes by foot from Victoria Clipper Ferry Terminal. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Grand Pacific 8.3 Excellent 463 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Grand Pacific, you'll be centrally located in Victoria, steps from Victoria Harbour and 3 minutes by foot from Government Street. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Victoria? This hotel has 10000 square feet (929 square meters) of space consisting of a conference center and a meeting room. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 198 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Victoria Hotels closest to Trutch Manor Beaconsfield Inn 998 Humboldt Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel This elegant bed & breakfast in Victoria provides free wireless internet, as well as a beauty centre and a Jacuzzi. It is ideally positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 243 Avg. per night View Deals Abigail's Hotel 9.6 Excellent 906 McClure Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Established in 1930, Abigail's Hotel is set in Victoria and provides a concierge, luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 170 Avg. per night View Deals The Craigmyle 8.1 Excellent 1037 Craigdarroch Road, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel The Craigmyle provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Victoria. A short stroll from Art Gallery of Greater Victoria, it offers individually-decorated rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 121 Avg. per night View Deals The Parkside Hotel & Spa 810 Humboldt Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Situated in Victoria, The Parkside Hotel & Spa offers stylish, 3-star accommodation close to the Miniature World. It features free wireless internet, a fitness centre and an indoor pool, and is within walking distance of British Columbia Parliament Buildings. C$ 290 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Victoria hotels Ocean Island Inn | Backpackers | Suites 6.9 Good 791 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada This Victoria hostel is set two minutes from BC Ferries, and provides relaxed accommodation. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Victoria Railway Station. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals Island Travel Inn 5.3 Okay 1850 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Island Travel Inn is located in Victoria and is close to the area's popular attractions. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Arbutus Inn 7.6 Good 2898 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist hot spots, shops and eateries, Arbutus Inn is ideal for guests wanting to discover Victoria and its surroundings. It also provides free public parking on site and Christ Church Cathedral is a 10-minute drive away. C$ 105 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn Victoria Uptown 7.5 Good 229 Gorge Road East, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated in Victoria, Days Inn by Wyndham Victoria Uptown offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a heated pool and a sauna. Guests can also take advantage of free wireless internet throughout their stay. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Victoria Recommended hotels Cherry Tree Inn 7.4 Good 4879 Cherry Tree Bend, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 9.5 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Conveniently based and providing free Wi-Fi, this comfortable motel is an easy drive from Victoria. It is also minutes from Saanich's well-known attractions. C$ 117 Avg. per night View Deals Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites 8.9 Excellent 1234 Wharf Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites is located in Victoria and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It features modern rooms with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 263 Avg. per night View Deals Pendray Inn and Tea House 8.5 Excellent 309 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated close to Victoria Railway Station, this historic bed and breakfast is a convenient base for those wanting to discover Victoria and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa 8.9 Excellent 849 Verdier Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 18.2 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa is located on Vancouver Island and provides 4-star accommodation in addition to a Jacuzzi and a rooftop terrace. It also offers a swimming pool, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 255 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Trutch Manor All photos (1) Building (1) Where is Trutch Manor Most Popular Landmarks Open Space Arts Society1.4 km Save-On-Foods Memorial Centre1.5 km Victoria Harbour1.6 km Bear Mountain Golf Club14.5 km Victoria Fisherman's Wharf2.2 km Fisherman's Wharf Park2.2 km Getting Around Victoria Bus Station1.0 km Victoria Douglas at View1.1 km Victoria Ferry1.6 km Victoria Douglas at Discovery1.7 km Victoria Douglas at Kings2.2 km Victoria Douglas at Finlayson3.2 km FAQs when booking at Trutch Manor How close is Trutch Manor to the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport? At just 1.5 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, to Trutch Manor is 0h 01m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to Trutch Manor? Trutch Manor has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Victoria, renting a car for around C$ 34/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Trutch Manor from the Victoria city center? Trutch Manor is 0.5 km away from the center of Fairfield, Victoria. Consider visiting Hatley Castle, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Trutch Manor by various forms of transportation. What is the Trutch Manor phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 877 900 8877. Does Trutch Manor have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Trutch Manor has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Trutch Manor? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 AM. Is there a restaurant at Trutch Manor? There is a restaurant located in Trutch Manor. Please contact them for kitchen hours. Does Trutch Manor have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Trutch Manor. How far is Trutch Manor from Emily Carr House? Trutch Manor is a walkable distance (1.4 km) from Emily Carr House, Victoria. Is Trutch Manor close to Royal Theatre? Walking distance - there’s 0.8 km between Royal Theatre and Trutch Manor. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,281 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Trutch Manor Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
