https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/TURIM_Av_Liberdade_Hotel.htm
Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel, Lisbon | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel Hotel Avenida da Liberdade 247, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal GoodBased on 3,299 reviews 7.5 C$ 100 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel TURIM Av Liberdade Hotel offers modern accommodation in Lisbon and is within walking distance of Rossio Railway Station. It is steps from Liberty Avenue, eateries and nightlife options. This ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.4 km Rating 7.5 Nearest airport Lisbon Humberto Delgado Distance to airport 6.0 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +351 211 589 270 All policies Amenities at Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Electric kettle Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Minibar Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower cap Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Socket near the bed Key card access Enhanced cleaning No smoking Balcony Soundproof rooms Soundproofing Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Clothes rack Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Bathrobe Garden Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Library Services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Shuttle service (additional charge) Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel Top Lisbon hotels Hotel Avenida Palace 9.4 Excellent Rua 1 De Dezembro 123, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Avenida Palace, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 10 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa 8.8 Excellent Avenida Liberdade, 185, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map Experience a piece of history when you stay at the first-ever Tivoli Hotel in Lisbon. Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Hotel first opened its doors in 1933 and is famous for being the home of late Portuguese actress and icon, Beatriz Costa, for over 30 years. Located in the heart of the Portuguese capital, on the city’s most luxurious avenues, you’ll be within walking distance of the city’s hotspots. Visit the majestic Castelo de São Jorge, take the Glória Funicular up to the São Pedro de Alcântara viewpoint, or spend a day exploring stylish shops, bars and restaurants. Our newly refurbished rooms offer an oasis of calm and views of Avenida da Liberdade, the Tagus River or the secluded patio. Our room amenities include Nespresso machines and Wi-Fi. Suites and connecting rooms are available for families, with the Anantara Spa and exclusive outdoor pool perfecting the mood of relaxation. Dine in style at SEEN Lisboa rooftop restaurant, serving signature cocktails and delicious food – from Wagyu beef to locally sourced oysters. The more traditional Cervejaria Liberdade, known for its fish and seafood, is open all day. Just a 15-minute drive from the airport, our congress center is the perfect place to host your event. Our experienced conference and events team will ensure everything runs smoothly. C$ 308 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Avenida Hotel 9.0 Excellent Rua 1º De Dezembro, 120, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Altis Avenida Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 11 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Limited parking is available onsite. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa 7.5 Good Avenida 5 De Outubro, 197, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at VIP Grand Lisboa Hotel and Spa in Lisbon (Lisbon City Center), you'll be a 5-minute drive from Rossio Square and 7 minutes from Lisbon Oceanarium. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Planning an event in Lisbon? This hotel features 5305 square feet (493 square meters) of event facilities. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Lisbon Hotels closest to Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel Hotel Florida 7.8 Good Rua Duque De Palmela 34, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated a short drive from Bairro Alto, Hotel Florida Lisbon provides luxury accommodation in Lisbon. It is conveniently located for guests wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Hotel Expo Astoria is located amongst Lisbon's well-known restaurants and eateries, just a brief stroll from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. The various facilities this trendy hotel offers include luggage storage, porters and a 24-hour reception. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Hf Fenix Lisboa 8.2 Excellent Praca Marques de Pombal, 8, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located near local attractions, HF Fenix Lisboa showcases views of Lisbon. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a bar and is close to Marques of Pombal Metro Station. C$ 99 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Excelsior 6.7 Good Rua Rodrigues Sampaio, 172, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located a short stroll from Rossio Railway Station, Hotel Excelsior Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base when in Lisbon. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Lisbon hotels Friendly Hills Bairro Alto 8.5 Excellent Rua da Barroca, 4 - 1 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Friendly Hills Bairro Alto is a convenient base when in Lisbon. It is close to Bairro Alto, shops and nightlife options. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial do Sul 6.9 Good Avenida Almirante Reis, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Less than a 20-minute stroll from Restauradores Metro Station, Residencial Do Sul Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Lisbon. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals No Limit Bairro Alto Praça Luís de Camões, 36-2D, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Centrally located, No Limit Bairro Alto allows for easy access to Lisbon's popular sightseeing and retail areas. Rooms are air conditioned and a Wi-Fi connection is provided free of charge. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Heart Apartments Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located a short walk from Baixa Chiado Metro Station, Lisbon Heart Apartments is an ideal base when visiting Lisbon. It also provides free Wi-Fi and a swimming pool. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Lisbon Recommended hotels Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel 9.3 Excellent Rua de Santiago, 10 a 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Wallis São Bento 6.9 Good Avenida Álvares Cabral 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located in Lisbon, Wallis Sao Bento is within easy reach of Bairro Alto and Belem Tower. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments 8.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Set in the heart of the city, Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments offers easy access to Lisbon's main retail areas and tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Destination Hostel 8.7 Excellent Estação Ferroviária do Rossio, piso 2, Largo Duque de Cadaval, 17-2ºF, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Providing free Wi-Fi, Lisbon Destination Hostel is located in Lisbon and is a short stroll from Rossio Square and Santa Justa Lift. The hostel is also conveniently situated within a five-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.5 GoodBased on 3,299 verified guest reviews 7.4Families 7.6Solo 7.6Couples 7.5Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel All photos (34) Bedroom (6) Restaurant (6) Building (3) Outdoors view (3) Where is Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Jardim Botânico0.6 km Chiado Museum1.6 km Museu Calouste Gulbenkian1.6 km Elevador de Santa Justa1.6 km Castelo de São Jorge1.7 km Sé de Lisboa2.1 km Getting Around Lisbon Marquês Pombal0.2 km Lisbon Avenida0.5 km Lisbon Picoas0.8 km Lisbon Campo Mártires Pátria0.9 km Lisbon Restauradores1.1 km Lisbon Saldanha1.2 km FAQs when booking at Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel Is pricing at Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in Lisbon? There is a 39% difference in the average nightly rate of 4 stars hotels in Lisbon and the average nightly rate at Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel. The rate at Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel is just C$ 147/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Lisbon. How close is Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel to the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport? There are 6 km between the closest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport, and Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 04m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel? Getting from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 12/day in Lisbon. Luckily, Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel from the Lisbon city center? Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel is 0.2 km away from the center of Santo António, Lisbon. Consider visiting Estádio José Alvalade, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel by various forms of transportation. What is the Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel phone number? The best way to contact Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel is by calling +351 211 589 270. Does Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel? Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel has a normal check-in time of after 2:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel, Lisbon? On average, guests have been paying C$ 147 per night to stay at Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 23 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel? Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel does have a restaurant. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel, Lisbon. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel from Sé de Lisboa? You can walk to Sé de Lisboa while staying at Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel - you’ll be about 2.1 km away. Is Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel close to Chiado Museum? Chiado Museum is also a popular place to see in Lisbon. It is 1.6 km from Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel. Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Turim Av. Liberdade Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
