https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/United_Arab_Emirates.htm
United Arab Emirates Hotels - Amazing Deals on 13,488 Hotels in the United Arab Emirates Flights Hotels Cars More Hotels in the United Arab Emirates Search and compare the United Arab Emirates hotels from hundreds of travel sites and save United Arab Emirates 19 Nov — 20 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests United Arab Emirates Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Search ...and more Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular Hotels in United Arab Emirates Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Atlantis, The Palm 8.9 Excellent 1 Crescent Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 17.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates ExcellentBased on 15,441 reviews 8.9 The award-winning Atlantis The Palm is set on the crescent of Palm Island, and offers 5-star luxury, including over a kilometre of private beaches and 2 outdoor pools with impressive views of Dubai's cityscape. Home to Aquaventure Waterpark, it also provides fun for all the family with water slides, a shark safari and a chance to meet the marine mammals at Dolphin Bay and Sea Lions Point. View Deals Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai 7.7 Good Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 23.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 1,943 reviews 7.7 Featuring a private beach and a swimming pool, Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. It has a gym, as well as a free shuttle service, a sauna and free Wi-Fi. View Deals Mövenpick Grand Al Bustan Dubai 7.4 Good Casablanca Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.0 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 3,220 reviews 7.4 Located a brief drive from Deira City Centre, Movenpick Grand Al Bustan offers elegant accommodation in Dubai. It also provides disabled parking and is a short car trip from Dubai Creek and Dubai Festival City. View Deals Gevora Hotel 7.7 Good Sheikh Zayed Road, Trade Centre Area, Next to Al Attar Tower, PO Box: 2260, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 9,845 reviews 7.7 Located in Dubai, Gevora Hotel provides free Wi-Fi and a gym. It also offers a sauna, a swimming pool and a Jacuzzi. View Deals First Central Hotel Suites 8.1 Excellent Tecom, Al Barsha 3, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 14.9 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates ExcellentBased on 4,271 reviews 8.1 Situated in Dubai, First Central Hotel Apartments provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a rooftop pool. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a free shuttle service and facial treatments. View Deals Le Méridien Mina Seyahi Beach Resort & Waterpark 8.1 Excellent Dubai Marina, PO Box 213084, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 17.4 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates ExcellentBased on 1,783 reviews 8.1 Located in Dubai Marina, Le Meridien Mina Seyahi Beach Resort & Marina offers 5-star accommodation and an outdoor pool, a private beach and a swimming pool. It has a spa and wellness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, outdoor tennis courts and a sauna. View Deals Citadines Metro Central Dubai 8.5 Excellent Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 14.9 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates ExcellentBased on 1,932 reviews 8.5 Citadines Metro Central Apartments offers a modern setting in Dubai and has a swimming pool, free Wi-Fi and complimentary private parking on-site. There is also a fitness centre with a cross trainer, cardiovascular equipment and a swimming pool. View Deals Fairmont The Palm 7.9 Good Palm Jumeirah, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 16.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates GoodBased on 3,688 reviews 7.9 This comfortable resort in Dubai offers free wireless internet, as well as a private beach and an outdoor pool. It also features a sauna and a Turkish steam bath. View Deals All 13,488 hotels in United Arab Emirates Tips for booking hotels in United Arab Emirates Cheapest month: August Most expensive month: October Average price in United Arab Emirates: C$ 279/night Cheapest price found: C$ 31/night Cheapest day: Wednesday Most expensive day: Tuesday C$ 94 - C$ 490 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 279 - C$ 488 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Top Rated United Arab Emirates hotels Show all 13,488 hotels 1 Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern hotel in Dubai provides complimentary wireless internet, as well as a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. It also offers a sauna and a fitness centre. View Deals 2 Burjuman Arjaan by Rotana 7.9 Good Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road, Al Karama, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Located in Dubai, BurJuman Arjaan by Rotana - Dubai offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Burjuman. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and a rooftop pool. View Deals 3 J5 Rimal - Dubai 8.5 Excellent Murraqabat Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a limousine service and a rooftop pool, J5 RIMAL Hotel Apartments is a luxurious place to stay in Dubai. There is also a gym with a sauna, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. View Deals 4 Queen Elizabeth 2 8.2 Excellent Mina Rashid, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 7.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Enjoying a prime location on Dubai's Mina Rashid Marina, Queen Elizabeth 2 is a legendary ocean liner featuring luxury 13-deck accommodation and entertainment. The historic vessel boasts a range of culinary and nightlife experiences, all set against views of the Arabian Gulf and Dubai’s iconic skyline. View Deals 5 Rixos Bab Al Bahr 7.4 Good Al Marjan Island, Ras Al Khaimah, United Arab Emirates Show on map 27.8 km from city centre, Ras Al Khaimah, United Arab Emirates Providing a private beach and outdoor tennis courts, Rixos Bab Al Bahr - Ultra All Inclusive is a luxurious base in Ras Al Khaimah. It offers free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. View Deals 6 JA Ocean View Hotel 8.3 Excellent Dubai Marina, The Walk Jbr, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 20.0 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates JA Ocean View Hotel is situated in Dubai and is within a short walk of local landmarks, such as Al Sahab Tower 2. Some of the popular facilities at this modern 5-star hotel include a Jacuzzi, a free shuttle service and free Wi-Fi. View Deals 7 Crowne Plaza Dubai - Festival City 8.8 Excellent Dubai Festival City,Po Box 45777, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.0 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Modern and cosy, Crowne Plaza Dubai Festival City is situated in Dubai and offers a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. Some of the popular features at this stylish 5-star hotel include a free shuttle service and a rooftop terrace. View Deals 8 Savoy Suites Hotel Apartments 7.9 Good Mankhool 12 A Bur Dubai, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.7 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Savoy Suites Hotel Apartment Dubai provides modern 4-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a rooftop pool and a Jacuzzi. There is also a fitness centre with a sauna, cardiovascular equipment and a swimming pool. View Deals Cheapest hotels in United Arab Emirates, Middle East Show all 13,488 hotels Jood Palace Hotel Dubai Al Riqqa Street, Po Box 42211 42211, Dubái, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai, Jood Palace Hotel Dubai provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Jood Spa and Health Club. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Crystal Plaza Hotel 5.7 Okay 10, Al Estiqlal Street, Sharjah, United Arab Emirates Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Sharjah, United Arab Emirates Crystal Plaza Hotel Sharjah is located in Sharjah and offers free Wi-Fi. It has a gym, as well as 24-hour room service, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai 6.7 Good Kuwait Street Mankhool Area, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Dubai. It also features a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals U.A.E Youth Hostel Association 39 Al Nahda Road, Al Qusais Area 1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 12.6 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated within a 10-minute walk of Al Nahda Metro Station, Dubai Youth Hostel is a convenient base while in Dubai. It also provides an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and a coffee bar. C$ 71 Avg. per night View Deals Aryana Hotel 6.0 Good P.O.Box: 84443 AL Taawun Road Sharjah Sharjah United Arab Emirates United Arab Emirates, Sharjah, United Arab Emirates Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Sharjah, United Arab Emirates Located in Sharjah, Aryana Hotel is within a 20-minute drive of Dubai International Airport and provides an indoor pool and a sauna. It offers city views and 4-star rooms. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Al Jawhara Metro Hotel 7.6 Good 19th A Street, Riqqa Street -, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Situated in Dubai City Centre, Al Jawhara Metro Hotel Dubai is a short walk to several local attractions, including Al Ghurair City and Al Ghurair Centre. This modern hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Signature Inn 4.0 Okay Al Riqqa Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates This modern Dubai hotel is located within a 10-minute walk of Al Rigga Metro Station. It also offers an outdoor pool, a swimming pool and 24-hour room service. C$ 76 Avg. per night View Deals J5 Hotels Bur Dubai 7.5 Good Rolla Street 15710, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Show on map 6.9 km from city centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Featuring a sauna and a rooftop pool, Imperial Suites Hotel Dubai is located in Dubai and provides modern accommodation. It is also a brief car trip from Dubai Creek and Burjuman. C$ 80 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel prices in United Arab Emirates 2 stars and under #1 Most popular Panorama Bur Dubai Hotel Po Box 14703, Al Mankhool Road, Bur Dubai, Dubai, United Arab Emirates 6.0 C$ 83 View Deal #2 Most popular Royalton Hotel Al Maktoum Hospital Rd, 2nd Street, PO Box 14963, Dubai, United Arab Emirates 4.8 C$ 71 View Deal Best value Crystal Plaza Hotel 10, Al Estiqlal Street, Sharjah, United Arab Emirates 5.7 C$ 51 View Deal 3 stars #1 Most popular Citymax Hotel Bur Dubai Kuwait Street Mankhool Area, Dubai, United Arab Emirates 6.7 C$ 71 View Deal #2 Most popular Golden Sands Hotel Apartments Al Mankhool Street, Dubai, United Arab Emirates 7.8 C$ 127 View Deal Best value Dream Palace Hotel Dubai Po Box 82777 Almuraqqabat Road, Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates C$ 63 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular Atlantis, The Palm 1 Crescent Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates 8.9 C$ 619 View Deal #2 Most popular Oaks Ibn Battuta Gate Dubai Adjacent to Ibn Battuta Shopping Mall, Dubai, United Arab Emirates 7.7 C$ 145 View Deal Best value Ghaya Grand Hotel International Media Production Zone, Dubai, United Arab Emirates 8.1 C$ 116 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in United Arab Emirates Vacation rentals in popular United Arab Emirates cities Dubai vacation rentals Abu Dhabi vacation rentals Ras Al Khaimah vacation rentals Sharjah vacation rentals Ajman vacation rentals Al Ain vacation rentals Hotels near popular United Arab Emirates airports Dubai Intl Airport Abu Dhabi Intl Airport Sharjah Airport Dubai Al Maktoum Intl Airport Abu Dhabi Bateen Airport Hotels in popular United Arab Emirates neighbourhoods Al Qusais, Dubai hotels Al Khan, Sharjah hotels Al Quoz, Dubai hotels Saadiyat Island, Abu Dhabi hotels Al Qasimia, Sharjah hotels Discovery Gardens, Dubai hotels Al Reem Island, Abu Dhabi hotels Barsha Heights, Dubai hotels Abu Shagara, Sharjah hotels Jebel Ali Village, Dubai hotels Show more Hotels in popular the United Arab Emirates regions Dubai Abu Dhabi Ras al-Khaimah Sharjah Ajman Fujairah Umm al-Quwain Hotels in popular the United Arab Emirates cities Dubai hotels Abu Dhabi hotels Ras Al Khaimah hotels Sharjah hotels Jurayrah hotels Ajman hotels Hatta hotels Al Ain hotels Garhoud hotels Ruwais hotels Show more Hotels in popular countries Canada United States Mexico Japan France United Kingdom Portugal South Korea Italy Thailand Show more Hotels near popular United Arab Emirates landmarks Jumeirah Beach Residence Sheikh Zayed Road Deira City Centre Hor Al Anz East The Walk Al Karama Palm Jumeirah Al Marjan Island Mall of the Emirates Al Rigga Metro Station Show more About United Arab Emirates While Dubai does an excellent job of stealing the spotlight, there’s plenty more to discover in the United Arab Emirates. When you’ve had your fill of soaring skyscrapers, artificial islands and mega malls, escape to the rippling sand dunes of Al Dhafra and discover vibrant arts and cultural scene in Sharjah. Things to do in United Arab Emirates For most travellers, no trip to the United Arab Emirates is complete without a day or two in Dubai. Taking in the cinematic views from the Burj Khalifa observation deck is a signature Dubai experience. For a taste of culture, head to the Al Fahidi Historic District. A stone’s throw from Dubai, Sharjah changes the pace with beautiful heritage buildings, world-class museums and ancient archaeological sites. Admire Arab masterpieces at the Sharjah Art Museum, peer into the magnificent Al Noor Mosque and wander around 19th-century Sharjah Fort. If you’re craving sand and sunshine, make a beeline for Ras Al Khaimah. Known for its gorgeous Persian Gulf beaches, the resort district is ideal for topping up your tan, cooling off in the water and making a splash with water sports. Venture beyond the cities and you’ll find yourself in a wonderland of honey-coloured sand dunes and palm-filled oases. In the Empty Quarter, Tal Moreeb towers almost 300 metres high and is one of the largest sand dunes in the world. Camel safaris, 4WD tours and desert camping experiences are some of the most popular ways to experience the region. From beautiful Islamic architecture to a flourishing cultural scene, Abu Dhabi is full of surprises. To learn more about the country’s rich falconry heritage dating back more than 4,000 years, don’t miss the Abu Dhabi Falcon Hospital. At sunset, a stroll along the Corniche is a must. Getting around United Arab Emirates A global travel hub, Dubai International Airport offers direct flights to destinations around the world. While most cities are well-served by public transport, taxis are generally a faster, easier and more comfortable way to get around. Renting a car is an ideal way to explore the United Arab Emirates at your own pace. Facts about staying in United Arab Emirates What is the best place in the UAE for bars and restaurants? Dubai is world-famous as a hub for incredible bars, nightclubs, and restaurants. You can rub shoulders with the world’s super-rich (and often a celebrity or two) at spots like the Cavalli Club, Billionaire Mansion, and the Armani lounge bar. UAE hotels like Atlantis The Palm and Shangri-La Dubai will place you close to bars, restaurants, and clubs. Abu Dhabi is another spot to consider for world-class nightlife. The Empire Yas Bar provides stunning views and delicious cocktails. Meanwhile, the Blue Marlin Ibiza lives up to its name, offering an Ibiza-style beach club in the heart of Abu Dhabi. Hotels in the UAE like Emirates Palace Abu Dhabi and Yas Island Rotana are ideal for those who wish to be close to Abu Dhabi’s bars and restaurants. What is the best place for a family vacation in the UAE? In Dubai, families can visit water parks like Aquaventure Atlantis, enjoy views from the top of Burj Khalifa, or take the kids sandboarding in the desert. Resorts like Le Royal Meridien Beach Resort And Spa are ideal for families, with tour desks to make booking each day’s activities a breeze. Families seeking a peaceful holiday filled with some of the more relaxing things to do in the UAE may wish to explore Ajman. The smallest and quietest of the Emirates, Ajman offers beautiful beaches with white sand, clear water, and plenty of opportunities for dolphin spotting. UAE accommodation options like the Ramada by Wyndham Beach Hotel and the Fairmont Ajman offer family rooms and feature pools, private beaches, and other family-friendly amenities. What are the best things to do and see in the UAE? To get a sense of the vast emptiness and mystery of the desert, a trip out to the Liwa Oasis is well worth the effort. From here, you can gaze out into Rub al Khali, also known as the Empty Quarter. You can also take a camel ride out to the towering Moreeb dune, with hotels like the Liwa Hotel offering to assist in arranging such tours. Though it’s known for its deserts and beaches, the UAE offers some surprising alternative experiences, including the opportunity for snow skiing. A stay at the Kempinski Mall Of The Emirates hotel will give you ski-in, ski-out access to Ski Dubai – one of the world’s largest indoor ski slopes. From here, you can also arrange a desert safari trip, which generally includes dune buggy rides, a camel ride, Arabic food, and traditional entertainment. Where are the best places to stay for adventure sports in the UAE? The UAE is famous for adventure sports, and Ras Al Khaimah is known as the hub for all things action-packed. With the beaches of the Persian Gulf to the west and the Hajar Mountains and desert dunes to the east, there are endless opportunities for adventure in Ras Al Khaimah, including kayaking, mountain climbing, hiking, and water skiing. The region also features the world’s longest zip-line. There are hotels to suit every budget, from the Dunes Camping & Safari Rak to The Ritz-Carlton Ras Al Khaimah, Al Hamra Beach. Adventurous souls may also enjoy Hatta, which is nestled at the base of the Hajar Mountains. Hotels like the HattaDamani Lodges Resort are an excellent base of operations for those interested in mountain climbing, mountain biking, or kayaking on Hatta Lake. Where is the best place to stay in United Arab Emirates? You can find several places worth visiting in United Arab Emirates. Dubai, Abu Dhabi, and Sharjah are some of the most popular amongst our users. What are the best hotels in United Arab Emirates? United Arab Emirates is home to many highly-rated hotels, one of which is Fairmont Dubai, which has a current rating of 8.7. For other potential stays, consider Le Méridien Mina Seyahi Beach Resort & Waterpark and Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Lakes Towers, which can also be great places to stay in United Arab Emirates. Home United Arab Emirates Hotels 13,488 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
