https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/United_States.htm
United States Hotels - Amazing Deals on 933,855 Hotels in the United States Flights Hotels Cars More Hotels in the United States Search and compare the United States hotels from hundreds of travel sites and save United States 19 Nov — 20 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests United States Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Search ...and more Home United States Hotels 933,855 Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular Hotels in United States Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Flamingo Las Vegas Hotel & Casino 7.3 Good 3555 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 7.2 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States GoodBased on 13,884 reviews 7.3 Situated a short walk from Flamingo/Caesars Palace Monorail Station, Flamingo Las Vegas Hotel & Casino is an ideal base while visiting Las Vegas. There is also a gym with a swimming pool and a waterfall pool. View Deals Hotel Pennsylvania 401 7th Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Hotel Pennsylvania is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Featuring views of Madison Square Garden, it also offers a variety of amenities, including an express check-in and check-out feature, a ballroom and an indoor pool. View Deals Excalibur Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 3850 S. Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States GoodBased on 20,090 reviews 7.4 Boasting a 100,000-square-foot casino and an exclusive spa, this resort provides contemporary accommodation set within a unique castle-inspired property. It is also minutes from Las Vegas's well-known attractions and landmarks. View Deals The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.0 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States ExcellentBased on 283 reviews 8.9 With its own casino, Marquee Nightclub and a state-of-the-art spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation and views of the skyline. View Deals Treasure Island - TI Hotel & Casino, a Radisson Hotel 7.9 Good 3300 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 6.4 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States GoodBased on 14,173 reviews 7.9 Featuring views of Las Vegas Strip, TI - Treasure Island Hotel & Casino is situated in Las Vegas and features a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool so guests can unwind during their stay. It is located a short stroll from The Mirage and Wynn Las Vegas. View Deals The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States ExcellentBased on 8,197 reviews 8.7 With its very own casino, Tao and a luxury spa centre, this Las Vegas hotel offers a host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. View Deals Luxor Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 3900 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.5 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States GoodBased on 16,814 reviews 7.4 Luxor Las Vegas offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features a sauna, an outdoor pool and a fitness centre. View Deals MGM Grand Hotel and Casino 7.5 Good 3799 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States GoodBased on 8,100 reviews 7.5 Boasting a lazy river and private poolside cabanas, MGM Grand is ideal for entertainment-seeking guests as it provides nightly performances in the Garden Arena. Only a five-minute walk from MGM Grand Monorail Station, the hotel's convenient setting means it is an ideal place to stay while in Las Vegas. View Deals All 933,855 hotels in United States Tips for booking hotels in United States Cheapest month: August Most expensive month: February Average price in United States: C$ 277/night Cheapest price found: C$ 1/night Cheapest day: Sunday Most expensive day: Friday C$ 234 - C$ 345 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 236 - C$ 274 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Top Rated United States hotels Show all 933,855 hotels 1 Grand Hyatt Seattle 8.8 Excellent 721 Pine Street, Seattle, WA, United States Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Seattle, WA, United States Centrally located, Grand Hyatt Seattle allows for easy access to Seattle's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. It also offers an indoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. View Deals 2 Trump International Hotel Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 2000 Fashion Show Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Ideally located in Las Vegas, Trump International Hotel Las Vegas offers modern accommodation an easy drive from Sands Expo and Convention Center. Some of the popular features on offer at this luxury 5-star hotel are a free shuttle service and a Jacuzzi. View Deals 3 Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort 8.4 Excellent 6550 Adventure Way, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.0 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Ideally located in Orlando, Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort provides themed accommodation within a short drive of Walt Disney World Resort. It also offers an outdoor pool, water slides and a Jacuzzi. View Deals 4 Vdara Hotel & Spa at ARIA Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 2600 West Harmon Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.2 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States This gaming-free, all-suite Las Vegas hotel has an impressive rooftop space with plunge pools, sun loungers and a pool-side bar. It provides views of Las Vegas Strip, and features a sauna. View Deals 5 Loews Philadelphia Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1200 Market Street, Philadelphia, PA, United States Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Philadelphia, PA, United States Loews Philadelphia Hotel provides art deco accommodation in Philadelphia and is within walking distance of 19th Street SEPTA Trolley Station. Guests have access to an indoor pool, a beauty centre and a sauna. View Deals 6 Floridays Resort Orlando 8.1 Excellent 12562 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 19.3 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Floridays Resort Orlando is situated in International Drive, just 25 minutes from Orlando International Airport. It has a gym, as well as an outdoor pool, a lake and a Jacuzzi. View Deals 7 The Palazzo 8.3 Excellent 3325 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Situated within walking distance of Flamingo/Caesars Palace Monorail Station, The Palazzo at The Venetian r provides guests with an ideal base while in Las Vegas. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and a swimming pool. View Deals Cheapest hotels in United States, North America Show all 933,855 hotels Giorgio Hotel 2.0 Mediocre 38-60 13th Street, Queens, NY, United States Show on map 9.8 km from city centre, Queens, NY, United States Situated only a short walk from 21st Street Queensbridge Ind 63rd Street Line, Giorgio Hotel offers guests an ideal base while in New York City. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Amsterdam Hostel 6.9 Good 749 Taylor Street, San Francisco, CA, United States Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, San Francisco, CA, United States Situated within a 10-minute walk of Powell Street Station, Amsterdam Hostel is an ideal base while in San Francisco. It is close to the American Conservatory Theater, shops and nightlife options. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Freehand Chicago 7.7 Good 19 East Ohio Street, Chicago, IL, United States Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Chicago, IL, United States Conveniently located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Chicago. It is situated a short walk from Magnificent Mile and Michigan Avenue. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Four Queens Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 202 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Located within a 10-minute walk of Greyhound Bus Station, Four Queens Hotel and Casino is a convenient base when visiting Las Vegas. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Maingate Lakeside Resort 4.2 Okay 7769 West Irlo Bronson Memorial Highway, Kissimmee, FL, United States Show on map 18.0 km from city centre, Kissimmee, FL, United States Maingate Lakeside Resort is located in Orlando and is close to Walt Disney World Resort. It also features an outdoor pool, free Wi-Fi and a gym. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals Seralago Hotel & Suites Main Gate East 4.9 Okay 5678 West Irlo Bronson Memorial Highway, Kissimmee, FL, United States Show on map 9.8 km from city centre, Kissimmee, FL, United States Located in Orlando, Seralago Hotel & Suites Main Gate East is an easy drive from Walt Disney World Resort and SeaWorld Orlando. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a gym and an outdoor pool, and is within walking distance of Old Town. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Howard Johnson by Wyndham Las Vegas near the Strip 5.3 Okay 165 East Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Conveniently located within McCarran International Airport, Howard Johnson by Wyndham Las Vegas near the Strip offers comfortable accommodation in Las Vegas. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. C$ 61 Avg. per night View Deals Ramada by Wyndham Kissimmee Gateway 6.9 Good 7470 West Irlo Bronson Memorial Highway, Kissimmee, FL, United States Show on map 16.9 km from city centre, Kissimmee, FL, United States Ramada by Wyndham Kissimmee Gateway is situated in Orlando and is close to Walt Disney World Resort. Some of the popular facilities on offer at this 3-star hotel include miniature golf and a free shuttle service. C$ 61 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel prices in United States 2 stars and under #1 Most popular Hi Chicago Hostel 24 E Ida B Wells Drive, Chicago, IL, United States 8.1 C$ 40 View Deal #2 Most popular Music City Hotel - Home of the San Francisco Music Hall of Fame 1353 Bush Street, San Francisco, CA, United States 8.2 C$ 51 View Deal Best value Giorgio Hotel 38-60 13th Street, Queens, NY, United States 2.0 C$ 21 View Deal 3 stars #1 Most popular Flamingo Las Vegas Hotel & Casino 3555 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States 7.3 C$ 100 View Deal #2 Most popular Luxor Hotel and Casino 3900 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States 7.4 C$ 89 View Deal Best value Excalibur Hotel and Casino 3850 S. Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States 7.4 C$ 52 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States 8.9 C$ 246 View Deal #2 Most popular The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States 8.7 C$ 226 View Deal Best value The Palazzo 3325 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States 8.3 C$ 156 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in United States Vacation rentals in popular United States cities New York vacation rentals Las Vegas vacation rentals Los Angeles vacation rentals Orlando vacation rentals Honolulu vacation rentals San Francisco vacation rentals Seattle vacation rentals Miami Beach vacation rentals San Diego vacation rentals Chicago vacation rentals Show more Hotels near popular United States landmarks Walt Disney World Resort Waikiki Beach Disneyland Park International Drive Times Square Universal Orlando Resort TD Garden Mall of America New York City Center Madison Square Garden Show more Hotels near popular United States airports Los Angeles Airport Miami Airport San Francisco Airport Boston Logan Intl Airport New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Airport Newark Airport Dallas/Fort Worth Airport Seattle/Tacoma Intl Airport Show more Hotels in popular the United States regions New York California Florida Nevada Hawaii Washington Massachusetts Illinois New Jersey Texas Show more Hotels in popular countries Canada United States Mexico Japan France United Kingdom Portugal South Korea Italy Thailand Show more Hotels in popular United States neighbourhoods SoHo, New York hotels Chinatown, Los Angeles hotels Clearing, Chicago hotels Brooklyn Heights, Brooklyn hotels Midtown, New York hotels Downtown, Honolulu hotels Canarsie, Brooklyn hotels South of The Strip, Las Vegas hotels West Village, New York hotels Upper West Side, New York hotels Show more Hotels in popular the United States cities New York hotels Las Vegas hotels Los Angeles hotels Orlando hotels Honolulu hotels San Francisco hotels Seattle hotels Miami Beach hotels San Diego hotels Chicago hotels Show more About United States From iconic cities like New York and Los Angeles to awe-inspiring landscapes like Yosemite National Park and the Grand Canyon, the United States ticks every box. With 50 states to discover, there are endless opportunities when it comes to exploring the United States. Things to do in United States A paradise for urbanites, the United States is home to some of the most illustrious cities in the world. Whether you’re visiting world-class galleries in New York, admiring Art Deco architecture in Chicago or hitting celebrity nightclubs in Los Angeles, North America is famous for its buzzing street scenes. The United States is an outdoor playground for adventure seekers, with snow-capped mountains, sun-baked deserts and ancient forests just waiting to be discovered. Peer into bubbling geysers in Yellowstone National Park, get up close with toothy alligators in the Florida Everglades and hike through lush coastal rainforests in the Pacific Northwest. From jazz and blues to pop and hip hop, the United States is a melting pot of music. In New Orleans and Memphis, you can walk in the footsteps of legends such as Elvis Presley and Louis Armstrong. Music Row in Nashville is all about country, bluegrass and honky-tonk, while Detroit will get you swaying to soulful Motown. From colourful farmers markets in California to trendy rooftop restaurants in New York, food is a highlight for most travellers. In cities like San Francisco, you can eat your way through a plethora of chef-driven restaurants while Texas is famous for its gritty roadhouse BBQ joints and Maine will tempt you with piping hot lobster rolls. Getting around United States New York is home to dozens of international airports, with JFK in New York, Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta and Denver International some of the largest. Flying is often the fastest, easiest and cheapest way to travel between states, but if you want to explore the United States at your own pace, renting a car is a great option. Facts about staying in United States What is the best place in the United States for bars and restaurants? Without doubt, the U.S. is home to a vibrant and varied nightlife. Boasting a vivacious nightlife, Las Vegas is the gambler’s heaven. From world-class casinos, pubs, clubs, pool parties, free-flowing alcohol, high-tech effects to dancing and live shows, it’s no wonder Las Vegas is popularly known as Sin City. Miami is another popular party destination in the U.S. From the decadent, glamorous South Beach dance clubs that operate until 5 a.m. to the nostalgic cultural hangouts in the Wynwood neighbourhood, there’s definitely something for everyone in Miami. With weather that remains amiable all year round, experience the West Hollywood sociable charm along Santa Monica Boulevard and have a great time at nightclubs with everything from go-go dancers to karaoke, award-winning eateries to drag-shows. What is the best place for a family holiday in the United States? The memorable Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge at Walt Disney World Resort in Florida arguably makes it the happiest place on Earth. Most popular for its timeless charm, fun performances and adventure rides, this resort is engineered for families. Another exciting destination for teens is Universal Orlando Resort, most popular for The Wizarding World of Harry Potter. San Diego is another family holiday spot in California, full of kid-friendly, fun experiences, including visiting San Diego Zoo and SeaWorld San Diego. Do not forget to visit Legoland California and La Jolla, a short drive up the coast. Yellowstone National Park is an enormous nature reserve that enthrals visitors with its geysers, subalpine forests, canyons and mountains. With challenging hikes and scenic trails with wooden boardwalks, the marvels of Yellowstone are pretty accessible. If you want to experience a different kind of adventure, bring a tent and enjoy the park’s well-equipped campgrounds. What are the best things to do and see in the United States? From world-class museums and picturesque landmarks to soaring skyscrapers and hip neighbourhoods, New York City delights at every stop. A most sought-after travel destination, this city is a leader in cuisine, theatre, art and fashion. Some of the things to see in New York City include Times Square, Central Park and The Statue of Liberty (on Ellis Island). The Grand Canyon, Arizona, is a picturesque landmark and arguably one of the world’s greatest natural attractions. It’s recognised as one of the seven natural wonders of the world and is widely visited for its vast natural splendour, towering cliffs and endless views. Some great things to do at Grand Canyon National Park include hiking into the inner canyon, boat riding, aerial touring and visiting other fun, local areas such as Mather Point, Hermit Road and Bright Angel Trail. Where are the best places to stay for local activity in the United States? For an unforgettable Walt Disney World Resort experience, book into one of the uniquely themed, family-friendly United States hotels around the resort, such as Disney’s Animal Kingdom Lodge, Disney’s Fort Wilderness Resort or Lucaya Village Resort. Highly recommended hotels in Grand Canyon National Park’s region include El Tovar Hotel, Yavapai Lodge and Thunderbird Lodge, while popular Las Vegas hotels include Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas, Marriott's Grand Chateau or La Quinta Inn & Suites Las Vegas Tropicana, depending on your budget. For hospitable United States accommodation in San Diego, stay at Spanish Casita (in the Village of La Jolla) or Hilton San Diego Resort & Spa, found just along the coast and equipped with an alluring outdoor pool. Where is the best place to stay in United States? When visiting United States, consider checking out Las Vegas, Honolulu, and New York as some of the most sought after locations. What are the best hotels in United States? Great Wolf Lodge Grand Mound is a very popular hotel in United States with a score of 8.2 from 101 reviews. New York Hilton Midtown (7.7 from 895 reviews) and Arlo SoHo (8.0 from 2,533 reviews) are also highly rated United States hotels based on recent feedback from HotelsCombined users. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
