https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/United_Kingdom.htm
United Kingdom Hotels - Amazing Deals on 221,214 Hotels in the United Kingdom Flights Hotels Cars More Hotels in the United Kingdom Search and compare the United Kingdom hotels from hundreds of travel sites and save United Kingdom 20 Nov — 21 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests United Kingdom Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Search ...and more Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular Hotels in United Kingdom Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Park Plaza Westminster Bridge London 8.3 Excellent 200 Westminster Bridge Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom ExcellentBased on 19,989 reviews 8.3 Providing a swimming pool and free wireless internet access in all areas, Park Plaza Westminster is located in Central London and is a short walk from Sea Life London Aquarium. It is situated a brief stroll from the London Eye, Parliament Square and Big Ben. View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel London - Tower of London 7.7 Good 7 Pepys Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom GoodBased on 10,908 reviews 7.7 Opened in 2010, DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel London - Tower of London is located in Central London. Guests looking to sightsee during their visit can begin at the hotel, as it showcases impressive views of Tower of London, London and River Thames. View Deals Cranbrook Hotel 5.8 Okay 22-24 Coventry Road, Ilford, United Kingdom Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Ilford, ENG, United Kingdom OkayBased on 1,817 reviews 5.8 Just 10 minutes' walk from Ilford Railway Station, Cranbrook Hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal base while visiting London. It also provides meeting rooms, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. View Deals Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf 5.9 Okay Marsh Wall, London, United Kingdom Show on map 7.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom OkayBased on 13,878 reviews 5.9 Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf provides a modern setting when in London. It has a gym, as well as an indoor pool, a Jacuzzi and a sauna. View Deals Best Western London Queens Crystal Palace Hotel 8.4 Excellent 122 Church Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 9.8 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom ExcellentBased on 2 reviews 8.4 Located outside the Congestion Charge Zone, this hotel provides comfortable accommodation, free parking and easy access to central London. It also offers free Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sun deck. View Deals Novotel London Greenwich 7.3 Good 173-185 Greenwich High Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 8.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom GoodBased on 2,242 reviews 7.3 This modern London hotel is situated within a 10-minute stroll of Deptford Bridge DLR Station. It is located a brief walk from the Cutty Sark and the National Maritime Museum. View Deals Copthorne Tara Hotel London Kensington 6.8 Good Scarsdale Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom GoodBased on 8,187 reviews 6.8 Located in Central London, this 4-star hotel is a five-minute stroll from Kensington High Street. Guests can also enjoy free Wi-Fi. View Deals Ibis Budget Leeds Centre 7.0 Good 2 The Gateway North, Leeds, United Kingdom Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Leeds, ENG, United Kingdom GoodBased on 4,931 reviews 7.0 Situated only a short stroll from Leeds City Bus Station, the hotel provides guests with a convenient base when in Leeds. It is conveniently located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. View Deals All 221,214 hotels in United Kingdom Tips for booking hotels in United Kingdom Cheapest month: January Most expensive month: December Average price in United Kingdom: C$ 182/night Cheapest price found: C$ 8/night Cheapest day: Sunday Most expensive day: Friday C$ 134 - C$ 237 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 153 - C$ 195 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Top Rated United Kingdom hotels Show all 221,214 hotels 1 Best Western Corona 7.3 Good 85-89 Belgrave Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. The multiple amenities this Victorian hotel features include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. View Deals 2 The Clermont London, Charing Cross 8.8 Excellent The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom This Westminster hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the London Eye and the National Gallery. Featuring views of Strand and Trafalgar Square, it also offers a wide range of facilities, including 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. View Deals 3 Astor Museum Hostel 7.6 Good 27 Montague Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in the popular hub of Central London, Astor Museum Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Just a short stroll from the British Museum, it offers cosy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. View Deals 4 Marlin Waterloo 7.9 Good 111 Westminster Bridge Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Central London, this hotel is within a 10-minute walk of the Imperial War Museum. It offers free Wi-Fi, room service and an express check-in and check-out feature. View Deals 5 Novotel London Tower Bridge 8.6 Excellent 10 Pepys Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.6 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, Novotel London Tower Bridge is within walking distance of the Tower Bridge and offers a Turkish steam bath and a sauna. It is located a short walk from Tower of London. View Deals 6 Pullman London St Pancras 8.5 Excellent 100-110 Euston Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in London, Pullman London St Pancras offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to the British Library. It also provides an executive floor, a sauna and a ballroom. View Deals 7 The Langham London 9.3 Excellent 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road and Regent Street. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. View Deals 8 Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites 8.0 Excellent 71-73 Chiswick High Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Best Western Chiswick Palace & Suites London is located in London and offers free Wi-Fi. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. View Deals Cheapest hotels in United Kingdom, Europe Show all 221,214 hotels Safestay London Kensington Holland Park 6.3 Good Holland Walk, London, United Kingdom Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated within walking distance of High Street Kensington Tube Station, Safestay London Kensington Holland Park provides guests with an ideal base when visiting London. The numerous facilities this stylish hostel offers include luggage storage, a games room and a 24-hour reception. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Clink 261 Hostel 7.1 Good 261-265 Grays Inn Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Clink261 Hostel London provides 3-star accommodation in Central London. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Elephant & Castle 7.1 Good 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Safestay London Elephant & Castle provides stylish accommodation in London and is within a five-minute walk of Elephant & Castle Railway Station. The multiple amenities this peaceful hostel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and bicycle rental. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge Gatwick Airport Central 7.7 Good Povey Cross Road, Gatwick, United Kingdom Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Gatwick, ENG, United Kingdom Conveniently located minutes from London Gatwick Airport, the hotel offers relaxed accommodation in Gatwick. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals Generator London 7.0 Good 37 Tavistock Place, Russell Square, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Central London, Generator London offers 3-star accommodation and free Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and a coffee bar. It is situated a short walk from the British Library and Russell Square. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals Rivelyn Hotel 7.7 Good 1-4 Crown Crescent, Scarborough, United Kingdom Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Scarborough, ENG, United Kingdom Rivelyn Hotel is situated in Scarborough and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 45 Avg. per night View Deals Britannia Hotel City Centre Manchester 5.6 Okay 35 Portland Street, Manchester, United Kingdom Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Manchester, ENG, United Kingdom Centrally located, Britannia Hotel City Centre Manchester allows for easy access to Manchester's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. The multiple facilities this traditional hotel offers include 24-hour room service, a ballroom and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 53 Avg. per night View Deals Ibis Budget London Hounslow 6.7 Good 20-28 Staines Road, Hounslow, United Kingdom Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Hounslow, ENG, United Kingdom Ibis budget London Hounslow is situated in London and features complimentary wireless internet. It is set amongst a variety of nightlife spots and is within a 10-minute walk of Hounslow Central Tube Station. C$ 55 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel prices in United Kingdom 2 stars and under #1 Most popular Cranbrook Hotel 22-24 Coventry Road, Ilford, United Kingdom 5.8 C$ 77 View Deal #2 Most popular Safestay London Elephant & Castle 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom 7.1 C$ 32 View Deal Best value The Birdsnest Guest House 32 Deptford Church Street, London, United Kingdom 7.6 C$ 20 View Deal 3 stars #1 Most popular Best Western London Queens Crystal Palace Hotel 122 Church Road, London, United Kingdom 8.4 C$ 63 View Deal #2 Most popular Ibis Budget Bradford 6 Prince Court, Canal Road, Bradford, United Kingdom 6.0 C$ 77 View Deal Best value Travelodge Gatwick Airport Central Povey Cross Road, Gatwick, United Kingdom 7.7 C$ 37 View Deal 4 stars + #1 Most popular The Langham London 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom 9.3 C$ 738 View Deal #2 Most popular Radisson Blu Edwardian Hampshire Hotel, London 31-36 Leicester Square, London, United Kingdom 8.5 C$ 393 View Deal Best value Grange St Pauls 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom 8.2 C$ 211 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in United Kingdom Vacation rentals in popular United Kingdom cities London vacation rentals Edinburgh vacation rentals Hounslow vacation rentals Glasgow vacation rentals Manchester vacation rentals Belfast vacation rentals Southampton vacation rentals Inverness vacation rentals York vacation rentals Liverpool vacation rentals Show more Hotels in popular United Kingdom neighbourhoods Chelsea, London hotels Angel, London hotels Streatham, London hotels Belgravia, London hotels Holborn, London hotels Tottenham, London hotels Bayswater, London hotels Stoke Newington, London hotels Custom House, London hotels Centre, Glasgow hotels Show more Hotels in popular the United Kingdom cities London hotels Edinburgh hotels Hounslow hotels Glasgow hotels Manchester hotels Belfast hotels Southampton hotels Gatwick hotels Inverness hotels York hotels Show more Hotels in popular the United Kingdom regions England Scotland Northern Ireland Wales Hotels near popular United Kingdom airports London Heathrow Airport Manchester Airport Edinburgh Turnhouse Airport Birmingham Airport London Gatwick Airport Glasgow Intl Airport London City Airport London Stansted Airport Bristol Airport Liverpool J. Lennon Airport Show more Hotels near popular United Kingdom landmarks Central London Edinburgh Bus Station Buchanan Bus Station London Victoria Station Edinburgh City Centre West End Piccadilly Circus Anfield Stadium ExCeL London King's Cross Railway Station Show more Hotels in popular countries Canada United States Mexico Japan France United Kingdom Portugal South Korea Italy Thailand Show more About United Kingdom Made up of England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom is a quartet of four countries, each with their own unique charm. Explore buzzing cities such as London and Edinburgh or escape to rolling green countryside and rugged beaches. Things to do in United Kingdom While sights like Buckingham Palace and Tower Bridge are iconic, venturing beyond the guidebook will unlock some of London’s best-kept secrets. Take the time to check out the brightly-painted terrace houses in Neil’s Yard, relax at a canal-side café in Little Venice and take a dip in the bathing pools at Hampstead Heath. Known for whisky, highland cattle and kilts, Scotland is immensely proud of its unique heritage. Soak in the urban scene in Edinburgh and Glasgow or venture off the beaten track and discover deserted beaches, rugged mountain ranges and colourful fishing villages in the Isle of Skye. From challenging peak summits to family-friendly coastal trails, Wales is a paradise for hikers. Highlights include the ancient glacial landscapes in Snowdonia National Park and the dramatic red sandstone peaks of Brecon Beacons. The United Kingdom is dotted with hundreds of stately homes and manor houses, including jewels like Chatsworth House, Highclere Castle and Hardwick Hall. Guided tours take you behind the scenes and offer a chance to live out your Downton Abbey and Pride and Prejudice dreams. Belfast is a bold introduction to Northern Ireland, with a flourishing arts and culture scene and a rich history to soak in. By day, visit attractions like the Titanic Belfast museum and St George’s Market. After dark, settle into a cosy Irish pub or hit the Cathedral Quarter and check out the legendary nightlife scene. Getting around United Kingdom With more than five major airports to choose from, London is the main travel hub of the United Kingdom. Other options include Birmingham, Manchester, Glasgow, Belfast and Sheffield. The train network in the United Kingdom is world-class and is excellent for long-distance travel. Several private bus companies also service the United Kingdom and rental cars are an ideal option for independent travellers. Facts about staying in United Kingdom What is the best place in the United Kingdom for bars and restaurants? The United Kingdom has a great nightlife scene for visitors to enjoy. Whether it’s all-night clubs, up-market bars or live gig venues, there’s something for everyone. London has the most to offer, with world-famous entertainment on show. You can enjoy a drink at a bar in Soho, eat food in pop-up venues like Boxpark Shoreditch or party into the night at clubs like Fabric. If you want to stay at hotels in the United Kingdom only a short walk away from this club, you could stay at The Montcalm at The Brewery London City Hotel. Manchester is also a great place for nightlife, being an iconic location for live music and its party scene. Canal Street is one of the most popular areas, with a range of bars and clubs for party-goers to visit. Brighton in the south of the country is also a great place to go if you want to eat local cuisine. For example, you could enjoy a bit to eat at Captain’s, which cooks the English favourite of fish and chips. What is the best place for a family vacation in the United Kingdom? There are many things to do in the United Kingdom. Whether it’s inner-city tourism or a seaside holiday, there’s something for everyone. You can take the kids to a theme park in London, such as Thorpe Park. You can stay at De Vere Beaumont Estate, a quick taxi journey away from the park. Your family will also love a day out on the Norfolk Broads, where you can hire a boat and enjoy one of the UK’s finest National Parks. If you want to visit the beach, then look no further than Bournemouth, which has golden sand, an activity suitable for all ages. What are the best things to do and see in the United Kingdom? United Kingdom hotels are a great way to experience local British culture. One of the most popular festivals held in the UK is Gay Pride. London has one of the biggest celebrations of this event, which takes place over a weekend in the summer. If you stay at United Kingdom hotels such as The Langham London, then you will be in the heart of the city, close to all the action. Head up to Inverness in Scotland, where things to see in the United Kingdom don’t get much better. Not only is the Loch Ness a great spectacle, but you may get to see the Loch Ness Monster with your very own eyes. Alternatively, head to Belfast where you can visit the Titanic Belfast, a museum dedicated to the famous boat which was originally built in the city. Where are the best places to stay for hiking? There is some great accommodation in the United Kingdom, providing access to some of the country’s finest hikes. The Lea Valley Walking Trail is a great way to escape the hustle and bustle of London. You can stay at DoubleTree by Hilton Angel Kings Cross if you want to stay a short Underground journey from the start of this walk. In Leeds, you can also get some fresh countryside air by hiking on the Post Hill Nature Trail. If you want to be a short car journey from this hiking route you can stay at United Kingdom accommodation like Novotel Leeds Centre. Whilst Brighton is also great for hiking, with hikes such as the Undercliff Walk, which is very popular with tourists and locals. Where is the best place to stay in United Kingdom? You can find several places worth visiting in United Kingdom. London, Edinburgh, and Scarborough are some of the most popular amongst our users. What are the best hotels in United Kingdom? One of the most popular hotels in United Kingdom is Hampton by Hilton London Gatwick Airport, which has been reviewed by 4,371 users and currently has a rating of 8.0/10. Other top-rated locations include Sofitel London Gatwick and The Tower Hotel, which have received 8.3/10 and 7.9/10 ratings from our users, respectively. Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,214 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
