https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Universals_Cabana_Bay_Beach_Resort.htm
Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort, Orlando | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Florida Hotels 209,062 Orlando Hotels 6,048 Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort Resort 6550 Adventure Way, Orlando, FL, United States ExcellentBased on 6,240 reviews 8.4 C$ 190 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort Ideally located in Orlando, Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort provides themed accommodation within a short drive of Walt Disney World Resort. It also offers an outdoor pool, water slides and a Jacuz... More Good to Know To Downtown 12.3 km Rating 8.4 Nearest airport Orlando Distance to airport 16.7 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 407 503 4000 All policies Amenities at Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Family rooms Towels Safety deposit box Gift shop EV charging station Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Pool bar Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Iron and ironing board Adapted bath Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Hot tub Microwave Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Sofa Alarm clock Key card access Sofa bed No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Lockers Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Delivered food is securely covered Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Picnic area Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Dining area Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Storage available Water slide Show more Activities Game room Fitness centre Bowling Table tennis Services Ticket service Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Mini-market on site Multi-lingual staff 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort Top Orlando hotels Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort 9.3 Excellent 10100 Dream Tree Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Resort Orlando at WALT DISNEY WORLD® Resort in Lake Buena Vista (Golden Oak), you'll be within a 10-minute drive of Disney Springs® Area and Disney Springs®. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Lake Buena Vista? This resort has facilities measuring 37750 square feet (3507 square meters), including conference space. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 1,787 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Orlando Grande Lakes 8.7 Excellent 4012 Central Florida Parkway, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map While the magic of America’s favorite playground entertains the imagination from morning to night, there is a resort in Orlando that delights it – by creating memories that stay vivid long after you leave this Florida oasis. Bordered by Shingle Creek, the Headwaters of the Everglades, The Ritz-Carlton Orlando, Grande Lakes envelops you into 500 acres of natural beauty, a luxurious retreat where you can surrender to the serenity of our relaxing spa, indulge in fine dining, or play 18 holes on our golf course, a Certified Audubon Cooperative Sanctuary. With exceptional amenities and impeccable service, one of the most breathtaking luxury hotels in Orlando is the perfect place to relax, meet or experience the wedding of your dreams, all while enjoying the quintessential all-American city. C$ 910 Avg. per night View Deals Waldorf Astoria Orlando 8.3 Excellent 14200 Bonnet Creek Resort Lane, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map Daily Resort Charge will be added to the room rate and includes: WiFi: 2 bottled waters daily: Disney shuttle: 20% off spa services and golf merchandise: access to fitness center & golf practice facility: golf club rental after 2pm. Waldorf Astoria® Orlando is an elegant oasis of contemporary luxury nestled in a peaceful 482-acre nature preserve and conveniently surrounded by Walt Disney World® Theme Parks. This luxurious hotel offers guests an ambiance of stylish sophistication replete with celebrated amenities and impeccable personalized service. An artful blend of comfort and modern elegance, Waldorf Astoria Orlando has redefined the vacation experience. The resort offers a plethora of recreational activities perfect for enjoying and relaxation. Enjoy a round of golf on our Rees Jones-designed Waldorf Astoria® Golf Club: rejuvenate in our luxurious Waldorf Astoria® Spa: or take a refreshing swim in our pools and discover the ultimate escape in a private cabana. The resort’s dining experiences are unparalleled featuring world-class dining with twelve restaurant and lounges, including the famed Bull & Bear®. Guests of Waldorf Astoria Orlando are invited to enjoy the facilities and amenities of the adjacent Hilton Orlando Bonnet Creek including their award-winning 3-acre lazy river pool with water slide. Waldorf Astoria Orlando features 498 stylish guest rooms and suites, featuring Italian marble bathrooms, high-definition 42-inch LCD televisions, Blu-ray player with DVD/CD/MP3 capabilities, safes suitable for laptops, twice-daily housekeeping and complimentary luxury transportation to the Walt Disney World® Theme Parks. C$ 575 Avg. per night View Deals Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort 8.7 Excellent 6601 Adventure Way, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map With a stay at Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort in Orlando (Florida Center), you'll be within a 15-minute walk of Universal’s Volcano Bay and Universal’s Islands of Adventure. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Orlando? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 115,000 square feet (11 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 277 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Orlando Hotels closest to Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort Universal's Aventura Hotel 8.9 Excellent 6725 Adventure Way, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Universal's Aventura Hotel is situated in Orlando and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It also offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort 8.7 Excellent 6601 Adventure Way, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort provides comfortable 4-star accommodation in Orlando. It also offers a sauna, water slides and an outdoor pool. C$ 277 Avg. per night View Deals Rosen Inn Closest to Universal 8.0 Excellent 6327 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Situated in International Drive, Rosen Inn Closest to Universal offers 3-star accommodation and free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. It is ideally located for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 90 Avg. per night View Deals Universal's Loews Royal Pacific Resort 8.7 Excellent 6300 Hollywood Way, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Universal's Loews Royal Pacific Resort is located in Orlando and features a Jacuzzi. It also has a gym, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 450 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Orlando hotels Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts 9956 Hawaiian Court, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 15.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in International Drive, Midpointe Hotel by Rosen Hotels & Resorts is a short walk to several local attractions, including SeaWorld Orlando. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel-Air Orlando 4.7 Okay 6119 South Orange Blossom Trail, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 8.0 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Hotel Bel-Air Orlando is situated in Orlando and features complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge by Wyndham Orlando / Heart of International Drive 5.4 Okay 7200 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.8 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in the popular hub of International Drive, Travelodge by Wyndham Orlando/ International Drive is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It also offers a swimming pool, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South 3.5 Mediocre 9435 Delegates Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Featuring an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, HomeTowne Studios Orlando South is located in Orlando and offers modern accommodation. It also provides a safe, a 24-hour reception and laundry facilities. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Orlando Recommended hotels Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort 9.1 Excellent 7301 West Sand Lake Road, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 13.7 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in Orlando, Drury Inn & Suites Orlando provides 3-star accommodation, as well as free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Orlando At Seaworld 8.7 Excellent 10771 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 16.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Holiday Inn Express & Suites - Orlando At Seaworld is situated in International Drive, just 15 minutes from Orlando International Airport. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Villas Resort By Diamond Resorts 8.9 Excellent 12118 Turtle Cay Circle, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 20.3 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Located in Orlando, Grande Villas Resort By Diamond Resorts is a short drive from SeaWorld Orlando and Universal Studios Florida. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, outdoor tennis courts and a Jacuzzi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort 9.3 Excellent 10100 Dream Tree Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 22.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort provides a luxury setting while in Orlando. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, outdoor tennis courts and a Jacuzzi. C$ 1,787 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.4 GreatBased on 6,242 verified guest reviews 8.4Solo 8.4Friends 8.3Families 8.4Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date G 9.0 Excellent gunnajona, Aug. 2018 Excelent M 9.1 Excellent matthew j krol, May 2018 to far of a walk from city Photos of Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort All photos (45) Bedroom (12) Other (12) Bathroom (4) Living room (3) Where is Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort Most Popular Landmarks Universal's Islands of Adventure0.8 km Wizarding World of Harry Potter0.8 km Coco Key Water Resort1.3 km Universal Orlando Resort1.5 km Central Florida Fairgrounds10.2 km Tinker Field10.5 km Getting Around Orlando Universal Studio Orlando Resort0.0 km Orlando I Drive Grand Resort & Suites1.5 km Orlando McDonald's Parking1.7 km Orlando Baymont1.8 km Orlando S. Orange Ave10.4 km Orlando Sand Lake Road10.8 km FAQs when booking at Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort How close is Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort to the nearest airport, Orlando Airport? With no traffic, the 16.7 km drive between Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort and Orlando Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 12m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Orlando Airport to Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort? Getting from Orlando Airport to Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 32/day in Orlando. Luckily, Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Orlando Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort? Yes, Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort from the Orlando city center? The center of Florida Center, Orlando, is just 1.9 km away from the front doors of Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Bob Carr Theater, which you can get to from Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort using any means of transportation. What is the Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 407 503 4000 to talk to a Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort front desk representative. Does Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort? Yes, Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort? Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort, Orlando? Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 238/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 79/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort? Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort does have a restaurant. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort from Universal Orlando Resort? You can walk to Universal Orlando Resort while staying at Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort - you’ll be about 1.5 km away. Is Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort close to Universal's Islands of Adventure? Universal's Islands of Adventure is also a popular place to see in Orlando. It is 0.8 km from Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Florida Hotels 209,062 Orlando Hotels 6,048 Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
