https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Urban_Lodge_Hotel.htm
Urban Lodge Hotel, Amsterdam | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Netherlands Hotels 27,819 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,812 Urban Lodge Hotel Urban Lodge Hotel Hotel Arlandaweg 10, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands ExcellentBased on 4,351 reviews 8.1 C$ 123 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Urban Lodge Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Urban Lodge Hotel Located in Amsterdam, just a 10-minute walk from Amsterdam Sloterdijk Railway Station, Urban Lodge Hotel offers 4-star accommodation and free Wi-Fi. It also provides bicycle rental, a concierge and a ... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.4 km Rating 8.1 Nearest airport Amsterdam Schiphol Distance to airport 9.8 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +31 203 033 433 All policies Amenities at Urban Lodge Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Entire unit located on ground floor Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Interconnected room(s) available Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Private bathroom 24hr front desk Private entrance Storage available Private parking Raised toilet Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Socket near the bed Allergy-free room Bathtub Soundproofing Body soap Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Fitness centre Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Ticket service All amenities Hotels Similar to Urban Lodge Hotel Top Amsterdam hotels Intercontinental Amstel Amsterdam, An IHG Hotel 8.8 Excellent Professor Tulpplein 1, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Behind the hotel’s grand colonnaded entrance, the regal interior features original, 19th-century staircases, chandeliers and elegant marble floors. You can enjoy an Afternoon Tea in the lounge or Mirror Room with river views, and wind down in the Health Club with a large indoor pool, saunas, massage rooms and a fitness area. Dine on locally inspired, seasonal dishes in the Amstel Restaurant, and discover the city with a tour on one of the hotel’s classic saloon boats. C$ 558 Avg. per night View Deals Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Dam 9, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Set in a historic building that dates back to 1855, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam, formerly known as NH Collection Amsterdam Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky, is a landmark in Amsterdam. It is situated right on the main square and enjoys a privileged location overlooking the Royal Palace. Reach many of the city’s attractions on foot, such as the Van Gogh Museum, the Anne Frank House and the Rijksmuseum. Amsterdam Central Station is only seven minutes away. Recently renovated, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam has 402 spacious contemporary rooms. There are 8 family rooms, 35 apartments with canal views and 10 premium triple rooms. Each has individually controlled air-conditioning, Nespresso machines, rain-effect showers and ultra-comfortable mattresses. The height of luxury is the Royal Suite, spread over two floors. A delectable breakfast is served daily in the grand 19th century Winter Garden. A perfect setting for a wedding, the hotel has 16 meeting rooms for up to 1500 people. Opened in April 2016, Michelin starred The White Room is a true gastronomic delight where Jacob Jan Boerma heads the kitchen. Grand Café Krasnapolsky is ideal for business lunches, enjoying views of the Dam Square. To unwind, head to Bar The Tailor and enjoy a cocktail. C$ 361 Avg. per night View Deals Pulitzer Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Prinsengracht 323, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map With a stay at Pulitzer Amsterdam, you'll be centrally located in Amsterdam, just a 3-minute walk from Anne Frank House and 9 minutes by foot from Dam Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. This hotel has 7 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 521 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel 7.3 Good Kattengat 1, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Expect comfort and thoughtful convenience at Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel in the Netherlands. Ideally-located in the heart of central Amsterdam, our hotel offers easy access to celebrated historic landmarks, cultural treasures and modern entertainment. We are located only minutes away from the Amsterdam Central Station, the iconic Dam Square and Madame Tussauds. After exploring Amsterdam, unwind with a workout in our 24-hour fitness center or relax with a cocktail and tasty cuisine in our delicious onsite restaurants. In the evening, retreat to spacious accommodations with signature bedding, ergonomic workspaces, high-speed Wi-Fi and flat-screen TVs. If planning events, take advantage of our hotel's modern meeting venues with over 14,000 square feet of space and hi-tech audiovisual equipment. Or, host an event in the historic 17th-century domed Koepelkerk building adjoining our hotel. We look forward to providing you with an unforgettable experience at the Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel. C$ 285 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Amsterdam Hotels closest to Urban Lodge Hotel Amsterdam Teleport Hotel 7.8 Good Heathrowstraat 3-5, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This Amsterdam hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Amsterdam Sloterdijk Railway Station. Guests can also enjoy free wireless internet. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Wow Amsterdam Hostel 5.6 Okay Wiltzanghlaan 60, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Situated a short stroll from Amsterdam Sloterdijk Railway Station, the hotel provides guests with an ideal base when in Amsterdam. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals Xo Hotels Park West 8.4 Excellent Molenwerf 1, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Situated a short stroll from Amsterdam Sloterdijk Railway Station, XO Hotels Park West offers guests a convenient base while in Amsterdam. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals Dutchies Hostel 8.0 Excellent Sara Burgerhartstraat 21-A, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Dutchies Hostel is located in Amsterdam and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features a 24-hour reception, bicycle rental and luggage storage. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Amsterdam hotels Princess Hotel 5.3 Okay Overtoom 80-i, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Princess Hostel Leidse Square is situated in Amsterdam and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Via Amsterdam 8.0 Excellent 20 Diemerhof Via Amsterdam, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands This comfortable hostel in Amsterdam offers complimentary wireless internet, as well as luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. It also provides billiards, a designated smoking area and laundry facilities. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Amigo Budget Hostel 5.8 Okay Linnaeusstraat 199, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amigo Budget Hostel is set in Amsterdam and is within a short walk of nearby landmarks, such as Oosterpark. It provides good-value accommodation with free wireless internet access. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati 5.5 Okay Sarphatipark 58, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati is a charming base when in Amsterdam and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Amsterdam Recommended hotels Apple Inn Hotel 7.9 Good Koninginneweg 93, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Apple Inn Hotel Amsterdam provides a comfortable setting while in Amsterdam. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 107 Avg. per night View Deals Max Brown Hotel Museum Square 8.0 Excellent Jan Luijkenstraat 40 - 46, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Situated amongst a range of popular tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, Max Brown Hotel Museum Square is ideal for those wanting to explore Amsterdam and its surroundings. It is located a short walk from Theater Bellevue and Leidseplein. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals Shelter Jordan Amsterdam Hostel Bloemstraat 179, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Located in Amsterdam City Centre, Shelter Jordan Christian Hostel is a short stroll to several local tourist attractions, including De Otter, the Homomonument and the Anne Frank House. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 55 Avg. per night View Deals Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel 8.6 Excellent Joan Muyskenweg 20, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel is located in Amsterdam and features complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sauna, massage services and an outdoor pool. C$ 163 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Urban Lodge Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.1 GreatBased on 4,351 verified guest reviews 8.0Families 8.0Solo 8.3Friends 8.1Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Urban Lodge Hotel All photos (52) Bedroom (16) Bathroom (6) Other (5) Lounge (4) Where is Urban Lodge Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Westerpark2.9 km Anne Frank Huis3.6 km Royal Palace Amsterdam4.1 km Rijksmuseum4.5 km Olympisch Stadion4.9 km Heineken Experience5.0 km Getting Around Amsterdam Naritaweg0.2 km Amsterdam Sloterdijk0.5 km Amsterdam Wiltzanghlaan0.7 km Amsterdam Burg.de Vlugtlaan0.7 km Amsterdam Plein '40 - '451.0 km Amsterdam Leeuwendalersweg1.0 km FAQs when booking at Urban Lodge Hotel Is pricing at Urban Lodge Hotel comparable to 4 star hotels in Amsterdam? Nightly rates at Urban Lodge Hotel will generally be 53% cheaper than the average 4-stars hotel in Amsterdam. When staying at Urban Lodge Hotel, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 171/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Amsterdam for a 4-stars hotel. How close is Urban Lodge Hotel to the nearest airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport? There are 9.8 km between the closest airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport, and Urban Lodge Hotel. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 07m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport to Urban Lodge Hotel? Getting from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport to Urban Lodge Hotel can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 50/day in Amsterdam. Luckily, Urban Lodge Hotel has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Urban Lodge Hotel from the Amsterdam city center? Urban Lodge Hotel is just 1 km away from the center of Kolenkit District, Amsterdam. From Urban Lodge Hotel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Van Gogh Museum. What is the Urban Lodge Hotel phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +31 203 033 433. Does Urban Lodge Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Urban Lodge Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Urban Lodge Hotel? Urban Lodge Hotel does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Urban Lodge Hotel? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Urban Lodge Hotel. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Urban Lodge Hotel, Amsterdam? A good deal at Urban Lodge Hotel right now is between C$ 88 and C$ 171 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Is there a restaurant at Urban Lodge Hotel? Yes, food can be ordered from the Urban Lodge Hotel restaurant. Opening times may vary. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Urban Lodge Hotel have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Urban Lodge Hotel. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Urban Lodge Hotel from Anne Frank Huis? The popular Anne Frank Huis is just over 3.6 km from Urban Lodge Hotel. Is Urban Lodge Hotel close to De Meervaart? De Meervaart is also a popular place to see in Amsterdam. It is 3.5 km from Urban Lodge Hotel. Home Netherlands Hotels 27,819 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,812 Urban Lodge Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
