https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Urban_Place_Gangnam.htm
Urban Place Gangnam, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Urban Place Gangnam Urban Place Gangnam Hotel 30, Hyoryeong-RO 77-Gil, Seocho-gu, Seoul, South Korea GoodBased on 474 reviews 7.3 C$ 82 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Urban Place Gangnam Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Urban Place Gangnam Situated within walking distance of Gangnam Subway Station (Line 2), Urban Place Gangnam provides guests with a convenient base while in Seoul. Guests also have access to complimentary wireless intern... More Good to Know To Downtown 7.6 km Rating 7.3 Nearest airport Seoul All airports Distance to airport 9.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 23 474 3399 All policies Amenities at Urban Place Gangnam Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Electric kettle Entire unit located on ground floor Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Accessible parking Physical distancing rules Slippers Process in place to check health of guests Microwave Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Kitchenware Restaurant Bidet Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Cable or satellite TV Telephone Kettle Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Safe Clothes rack Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Brailled elevators Free parking Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Dining area Bathrobe Private bathroom Kitchen Wardrobe or closet Designated smoking area 24hr front desk Drying rack for clothing Washing machine Kitchenette Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Urban Place Gangnam Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 756 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 229 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to Urban Place Gangnam Toyoko Inn Seoul Gangnam 8.4 Excellent 323, Gangnam-Daero, Seocho-gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Less than a 20-minute walk from Gangnam Subway Station (Line 2), Toyoko Inn Seoul Gangnam provides guests with an ideal base when in Seoul. It also offers meeting rooms, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. C$ 68 Avg. per night View Deals Shilla Stay Seocho 7.8 Good 427, Hyoryeong-ro, Seocho-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Shilla Stay Seocho provides 3-star accommodation in Seoul. It offers free Wi-Fi, a concierge and a 24-hour reception. C$ 111 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Peyto Gangnam 8.4 Excellent 259, Gangnam-daero, Seocho-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Located in Seoul, Hotel Peyto Gangnam offers free Wi-Fi and a gym. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 79 Avg. per night View Deals Ocloud Hotel Gangnam 8.0 Excellent 12, Sapyeong-daero 58-gil, Seocho-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.4 km from current hotel Ocloud Hotel provides a comfortable setting when in Seoul. Guests also have access to complimentary Wi-Fi and on-site parking. C$ 87 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 98 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Urban Place Gangnam 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.3 GoodBased on 474 verified guest reviews 7.2Couples 7.4Solo 7.5Friends 7.1Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Urban Place Gangnam All photos (41) Bedroom (8) Outdoors view (5) Building (4) Restaurant (4) Where is Urban Place Gangnam Most Popular Landmarks Yeouido Park10.1 km Gyeongbokgung Palace10.6 km COEX Mall3.5 km Jamsil Olympic Stadium4.7 km Dongdaemun Market8.7 km Dongdaemun Gate9.0 km Getting Around Seoul Cheongnyangni10.2 km Seoul Sangbong12.7 km Seoul Yongsan7.1 km Seoul Bus8.6 km FAQs when booking at Urban Place Gangnam Is pricing at Urban Place Gangnam comparable to 3 star hotels in Seoul? In Seoul, the average nightly rate for 3 stars hotels is C$ 143. The expected nightly rate for Urban Place Gangnam is around C$ 108; a price that is 44% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Urban Place Gangnam to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 3 stars hotel in Seoul. How close is Urban Place Gangnam to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, and Urban Place Gangnam is 21.7 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 16m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Urban Place Gangnam? Getting from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Urban Place Gangnam can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 128/day in Seoul. Luckily, Urban Place Gangnam has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Urban Place Gangnam from the Seoul city center? The center of Seocho-dong, Seoul, is just 1.1 km away from the front doors of Urban Place Gangnam. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Lotte World, which you can get to from Urban Place Gangnam using any means of transportation. What is the Urban Place Gangnam phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +82 (0) 23 474 3399 to talk to a Urban Place Gangnam front desk representative. Does Urban Place Gangnam have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Urban Place Gangnam has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Urban Place Gangnam? Urban Place Gangnam does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Urban Place Gangnam? Urban Place Gangnam check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Urban Place Gangnam, Seoul? Urban Place Gangnam room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 108/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 67/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Urban Place Gangnam? Urban Place Gangnam does have a restaurant. Does Urban Place Gangnam have a laundry service? Urban Place Gangnam does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Urban Place Gangnam Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
