https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/USA_Hostels_Hollywood.htm
Usa Hostels Hollywood, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Usa Hostels Hollywood Usa Hostels Hollywood Hostel 1624 Schrader Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States ExcellentBased on 2 reviews 9.6 C$ 463 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Usa Hostels Hollywood Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Usa Hostels Hollywood USA Hostels Hollywood is situated in Hollywood, just 35 minutes from Los Angeles International Airport. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a free shuttle service and free Wi-Fi. Guests are w... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.5 km Rating 9.6 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 323 462 3777 All policies Amenities at Usa Hostels Hollywood Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Heating Complimentary breakfast Breakfast included Terrace/Patio Fan Laundry facilities Garden Air-conditioned Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Free toiletries Storage available Show more Activities Karaoke Services Ticket service Daily housekeeping All amenities Hotels Similar to Usa Hostels Hollywood Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,563 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,298 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 433 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 366 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to Usa Hostels Hollywood Awesome Stay In Hollywood Blvd Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Hollywood, The Awesome Hollywood Stay is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood Boulevard, the Hollywood Walk of Fame and Avalon Hollywood. It also features free Wi-Fi. C$ 878 Avg. per night View Deals Dream Hollywood 8.1 Excellent 6417 Selma Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated under a 10-minute walk from Hollywood/Vine Metro Station, Dream Hollywood provides guests with an ideal base when in Los Angeles. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a swimming pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 360 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel West Inn, Hollywood - La 5.0 Okay 1617 North Cahuenga Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Hotel West Inn Hollywood - LA is located in Hollywood, a short walk from Hollywood Boulevard. It provides complimentary wireless internet and is steps from Hotel Cafe and tourist attractions. C$ 760 Avg. per night View Deals W Hollywood 7.0 Good 6250 Hollywood Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Set just a short stroll from Hollywood and Vine and Hollywood Boulevard, this modern hotel offers both a restaurant and a bar. This chic property is ideally located in Hollywood and is within walking distance of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. C$ 362 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Hollywood 7.7 Good 6820 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.8 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Hollywood is set amongst Los Angeles's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short stroll from Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a football field. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,298 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 244 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also features free Wi-Fi and a gym. C$ 231 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Usa Hostels Hollywood 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.6 ExcellentBased on 2 verified guest reviews 9.6Solo Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date A 8.5 Great Anonymous, Mar. 2019 Everything was good J 8.8 Great julie, Jun. 2018 wall of room was not sound proof. could clearly hear the washer dryer in operation, guests speaking n their footsteps while in bed. mattress was too soft. room n shower were very clean n spacious. metal locker made lots of noise. remember to bring a padlock for locker. and Photos of Usa Hostels Hollywood All photos (33) Other (19) Bedroom (4) Patio (3) Bathroom (2) Where is Usa Hostels Hollywood Most Popular Landmarks Hollywood Boulevard0.1 km Hollywood and Vine0.5 km Hollywood Walk of Fame0.7 km Little Tokyo10.2 km California Science Center10.3 km Venice Beach18.2 km Getting Around Los Angeles Hollywood Usa Hostel0.0 km Los Angeles Hilton Garden Inn0.8 km Los Angeles Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel0.9 km Los Angeles Hollywood Bus1.2 km Los Angeles Tufesa10.0 km Los Angeles University of Southern California (curbside)10.0 km FAQs when booking at Usa Hostels Hollywood How close is Usa Hostels Hollywood to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? With a distance of 19 km between Usa Hostels Hollywood and the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 14m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to Usa Hostels Hollywood? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Usa Hostels Hollywood from the Los Angeles city center? Usa Hostels Hollywood is 0.9 km away from the center of Hollywood, Los Angeles. Consider visiting Walt Disney Concert Hall, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Usa Hostels Hollywood by various forms of transportation. What is the Usa Hostels Hollywood phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 323 462 3777. Does Usa Hostels Hollywood have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Usa Hostels Hollywood has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Usa Hostels Hollywood? The standard check-out time at Usa Hostels Hollywood is 10:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. Does Usa Hostels Hollywood have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Usa Hostels Hollywood that can be used by guests. How far is Usa Hostels Hollywood from Hollywood Walk of Fame? The popular Hollywood Walk of Fame is just over 0.7 km from Usa Hostels Hollywood. Is Usa Hostels Hollywood close to Hollywood Boulevard? If you want to see Hollywood Boulevard while visiting Los Angeles, Usa Hostels Hollywood is just 0.1 km away. Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Usa Hostels Hollywood Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
