https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Value_Inn_Hollywood.htm
Value Inn Hollywood, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Value Inn Hollywood Value Inn Hollywood Motel 5200 Sunset Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States GoodBased on 318 reviews 6.6 C$ 130 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Value Inn Hollywood Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Value Inn Hollywood Situated in the popular hub of Hollywood, Value Inn Hollywood is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It also offers room service, free Wi-Fi and a designated smok... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.1 km Rating 6.6 Nearest airport Los Angeles Century City Distance to airport 11.3 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 11:30 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 323 666 4727 All policies Amenities at Value Inn Hollywood Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Radio Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Family rooms Towels Fan Fire extinguisher Seating area Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Microwave Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Bathtub Landmark view Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Carbon monoxide detector Mosquito net Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Tile/marble floor Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Thermometers for guests provided by property City view Delivered food is securely covered Trash cans TV Free parking Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Dining area Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Show more Services Ticket service Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Shuttle service (additional charge) All amenities Hotels Similar to Value Inn Hollywood Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,567 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 434 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to Value Inn Hollywood The Dixie Hollywood 7.2 Good 5410 Hollywood Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Set in Hollywood, The Dixie Hollywood is moments away from the Hollywood and Western Building. It also offers free Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 142 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood City Inn 7.5 Good 1615 North Western Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Situated in the popular hub of Hollywood, Hollywood City Inn is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It also offers a 24-hour reception, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 149 Avg. per night View Deals Metropolitan Apartel 5.5 Okay Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Situated in Hollywood, Ginosi Metropolitan Apartel offers 4-star accommodation and laundry facilities and free Wi-Fi. C$ 226 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Hotel 6.8 Good 1160 North Vermont Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Set in Hollywood, this peaceful hotel features a private cinema, an outdoor heated pool and a sauna. Guests can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 173 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Hollywood 7.7 Good 6820 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.8 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Hollywood is set amongst Los Angeles's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short stroll from Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a football field. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 8.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also features free Wi-Fi and a gym. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Value Inn Hollywood 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.6 OkayBased on 318 verified guest reviews 6.5Families 6.6Solo 6.6Couples 6.9Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Value Inn Hollywood All photos (45) Bedroom (17) Outdoors view (6) Other (5) Bathroom (4) Where is Value Inn Hollywood Most Popular Landmarks Westfield Century City11.5 km Hollywood and Vine2.2 km Hollywood Boulevard2.8 km Venice Beach20.0 km Santa Monica State Beach20.6 km Northridge Fashion Center28.0 km Getting Around Los Angeles Hollywood Bus1.6 km Los Angeles North Hollywood Bus Station10.0 km Los Angeles West La (palms)12.0 km Los Angeles Westwood-UCLA, California13.8 km Los Angeles 592 Gayley Ave13.8 km Los Angeles Westwood Amtrak13.8 km FAQs when booking at Value Inn Hollywood Is pricing at Value Inn Hollywood comparable to 2 star hotels in Los Angeles? Nightly rates at Value Inn Hollywood will generally be 61% cheaper than the average 2-stars hotel in Los Angeles. When staying at Value Inn Hollywood, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 126/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Los Angeles for a 2-stars hotel. How close is Value Inn Hollywood to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? There are 19.9 km between the closest airport, Los Angeles Airport, and Value Inn Hollywood. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 15m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to Value Inn Hollywood? Getting from Los Angeles Airport to Value Inn Hollywood can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 27/day in Los Angeles. Luckily, Value Inn Hollywood has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Value Inn Hollywood from the Los Angeles city center? The center of East Hollywood, Los Angeles, is just 1.2 km away from the front doors of Value Inn Hollywood. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Walt Disney Concert Hall, which you can get to from Value Inn Hollywood using any means of transportation. What is the Value Inn Hollywood phone number? You can reach the front desk of Value Inn Hollywood at +1 323 666 4727. Does Value Inn Hollywood have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Value Inn Hollywood has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Value Inn Hollywood? Value Inn Hollywood has a normal check-in time of after 2:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:30 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Value Inn Hollywood, Los Angeles? Value Inn Hollywood room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 126/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 113/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. How far is Value Inn Hollywood from Hollywood Walk of Fame? Value Inn Hollywood is a good place to stay to see Hollywood Walk of Fame. It’s 3.4 km away. Is Value Inn Hollywood close to Hollywood Boulevard? The distance from Value Inn Hollywood to Hollywood Boulevard is 2.8 km. Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 Value Inn Hollywood Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
