https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Van_der_Valk_Hotel_Amsterdam_Amstel.htm
Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel, Amsterdam | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,811 Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel Hotel Joan Muyskenweg 20, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands ExcellentBased on 4,690 reviews 8.6 C$ 162 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel is located in Amsterdam and features complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sauna, massage services and an outdoor pool. All the rooms at Van der Valk H... More Good to Know To Downtown 4.6 km Rating 8.6 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +31 208 001 100 All policies Amenities at Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Wine glasses Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Key card access Kids meals No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Air purifiers Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Raised toilet Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Shower cap Shower chair Accessible by elevator Slippers First-aid kit Socket near the bed Sofa Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Bottle of water Tea/coffee maker Telephone Kettle Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Sauna City view Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Golf Cycling Fitness centre Massage Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa 24-hour security Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel Top Amsterdam hotels Intercontinental Amstel Amsterdam, An IHG Hotel 8.8 Excellent Professor Tulpplein 1, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Behind the hotel’s grand colonnaded entrance, the regal interior features original, 19th-century staircases, chandeliers and elegant marble floors. You can enjoy an Afternoon Tea in the lounge or Mirror Room with river views, and wind down in the Health Club with a large indoor pool, saunas, massage rooms and a fitness area. Dine on locally inspired, seasonal dishes in the Amstel Restaurant, and discover the city with a tour on one of the hotel’s classic saloon boats. C$ 548 Avg. per night View Deals Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Dam 9, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Set in a historic building that dates back to 1855, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam, formerly known as NH Collection Amsterdam Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky, is a landmark in Amsterdam. It is situated right on the main square and enjoys a privileged location overlooking the Royal Palace. Reach many of the city’s attractions on foot, such as the Van Gogh Museum, the Anne Frank House and the Rijksmuseum. Amsterdam Central Station is only seven minutes away. Recently renovated, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam has 402 spacious contemporary rooms. There are 8 family rooms, 35 apartments with canal views and 10 premium triple rooms. Each has individually controlled air-conditioning, Nespresso machines, rain-effect showers and ultra-comfortable mattresses. The height of luxury is the Royal Suite, spread over two floors. A delectable breakfast is served daily in the grand 19th century Winter Garden. A perfect setting for a wedding, the hotel has 16 meeting rooms for up to 1500 people. Opened in April 2016, Michelin starred The White Room is a true gastronomic delight where Jacob Jan Boerma heads the kitchen. Grand Café Krasnapolsky is ideal for business lunches, enjoying views of the Dam Square. To unwind, head to Bar The Tailor and enjoy a cocktail. C$ 362 Avg. per night View Deals Pulitzer Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Prinsengracht 323, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map With a stay at Pulitzer Amsterdam, you'll be centrally located in Amsterdam, just a 3-minute walk from Anne Frank House and 9 minutes by foot from Dam Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. This hotel has 7 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 514 Avg. per night View Deals Krasnapolsky Apartments 8.3 Excellent Dam 9, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map For long-term stays in Amsterdam, the luxurious Krasnapolsky apartments offer private accommodation in the heart of Amsterdam. Relax in this wonderful accommodation and benefit from all facilities of the NH Collection Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky. The apartments are spacious and consist of a fully equipped kitchen with a dish-washer, a spacious living room, a comfortable bedroom and a luxurious bathroom. TV with international channels, a washing machine and a tumble dryer are all available for your convenience. During your stay you can make use of all hotel facilities, such as valet parking and a team of concierge staff who are able to assist you with question about the city, book tickets and arrange tours. The hotels central location makes it possible to discover all interesting sights and attractions easily. There is a winter garden where you can have a delicious breakfast- or lunch buffet every morning. Furthermore, there are 2 restaurants where you can have a good dinner. At the Grand Café Krasnapolsky, guests can enjoy classical dishes prepared with a modern twist, as well as various types of teas and snacks. The White Room restaurant is awarded with a Michelin Star and serves modern cuisine. At Bar The Tailor, you can enjoy tailor made and award winning cocktails. C$ 279 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Amsterdam Hotels closest to Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel Leonardo Royal Hotel Amsterdam 8.3 Excellent Paul van Vlissingenstraat 24, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Amsterdam, Leonardo Royal Hotel Amsterdam provides 4-star accommodation, as well as a sauna. Guests can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access during their stay. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals Motel One Amsterdam 8.6 Excellent Europaboulevard 23, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.6 km from current hotel Located less than a 10-minute walk from Amsterdam RAI Railway Station, the hotel offers guests a convenient base when visiting Amsterdam. Guests can also enjoy free internet access in all areas. C$ 133 Avg. per night View Deals The Social Hub Amsterdam City 8.5 Excellent Wibautstraat 129, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.4 km from current hotel The Student Hotel Amsterdam City is situated in Amsterdam and is close to the area's popular attractions. It also provides meeting rooms, an express check-in and check-out feature and a 24-hour reception. C$ 137 Avg. per night View Deals NH Amsterdam Zuid 8.1 Excellent Van Leijenberghlaan 221, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.5 km from current hotel NH Amsterdam Zuid is located in Amsterdam and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides an executive floor, valet parking and a sauna. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Amsterdam hotels Princess Hotel 5.3 Okay Overtoom 80-i, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Princess Hostel Leidse Square is situated in Amsterdam and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Amigo Budget Hostel 5.8 Okay Linnaeusstraat 199, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amigo Budget Hostel is set in Amsterdam and is within a short walk of nearby landmarks, such as Oosterpark. It provides good-value accommodation with free wireless internet access. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Via Amsterdam 8.0 Excellent 20 Diemerhof Via Amsterdam, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands This comfortable hostel in Amsterdam offers complimentary wireless internet, as well as luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. It also provides billiards, a designated smoking area and laundry facilities. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati 5.5 Okay Sarphatipark 58, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati is a charming base when in Amsterdam and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Amsterdam Recommended hotels Apple Inn Hotel 7.9 Good Koninginneweg 93, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Apple Inn Hotel Amsterdam provides a comfortable setting while in Amsterdam. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Max Brown Hotel Museum Square 8.0 Excellent Jan Luijkenstraat 40 - 46, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Situated amongst a range of popular tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, Max Brown Hotel Museum Square is ideal for those wanting to explore Amsterdam and its surroundings. It is located a short walk from Theater Bellevue and Leidseplein. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals Shelter Jordan Amsterdam Hostel Bloemstraat 179, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Located in Amsterdam City Centre, Shelter Jordan Christian Hostel is a short stroll to several local tourist attractions, including De Otter, the Homomonument and the Anne Frank House. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Olympic Hotel 8.4 Excellent Ijsbaanpad 12, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Situated in Amsterdam, the hotel is within a 15-minute drive of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and provides a sauna and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi access during their stay. C$ 125 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.6 GreatBased on 4,697 verified guest reviews 8.7Couples 8.6Friends 8.6Families 8.3Solo Traveller type: Couples Friends Families Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel All photos (37) Bedroom (8) Other (8) Bathroom (5) Restaurant (5) Where is Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel Most Popular Landmarks Amsterdam RAI1.9 km Heineken Experience3.1 km Rijksmuseum3.6 km Olympisch Stadion4.2 km NEMO4.5 km Royal Palace Amsterdam4.7 km Getting Around Amsterdam Joan Muyskenweg0.2 km Amsterdam Van der Madeweg1.1 km Amsterdam Amstel1.5 km Amsterdam RAI1.7 km Amsterdam Eerste Ringdijkstraat1.9 km Amsterdam Nieuw Herlaer1.9 km FAQs when booking at Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel Is pricing at Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel comparable to 4 star hotels in Amsterdam? Nightly rates at Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel will generally be 44% cheaper than the average 4-stars hotel in Amsterdam. When staying at Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel, you should be prepared to pay about C$ 193/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Amsterdam for a 4-stars hotel. How close is Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel to the nearest airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport? At just 10.4 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport, to Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel is 0h 08m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport to Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel? Getting from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport to Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 42/day in Amsterdam. Luckily, Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel? Yes, Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel from the Amsterdam city center? Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel is 0.2 km away from the center of De Omval, Amsterdam. Consider visiting Anne Frank Huis, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel by various forms of transportation. What is the Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +31 208 001 100. Does Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel? Yes, Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel, Amsterdam? Usually Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel room prices are around C$ 193/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 110/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel? Yes - Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel does have a restaurant. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel from Van Gogh Museum? Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel is a walkable distance (3.6 km) from Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam. Is Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel close to Rijksmuseum? 3.6 km - making Rijksmuseum a reasonable walk or short drive/taxi from Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel. Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,811 Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
