https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Via_Amsterdam.htm
Via Amsterdam, Amsterdam | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,811 Via Amsterdam Via Amsterdam Hostel 20 Diemerhof Via Amsterdam, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands ExcellentBased on 9,080 reviews 8.0 C$ 28 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Via Amsterdam Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Via Amsterdam This comfortable hostel in Amsterdam offers complimentary wireless internet, as well as luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. It also provides billiards, a designated smoking area and laundry facil... More Good to Know To Downtown 6.6 km Rating 8.0 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +31 202 265 800 All policies Amenities at Via Amsterdam Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window ATM on-site Entire unit located on ground floor Reading light Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Soundproofing Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Tile/marble floor Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Delivered food is securely covered Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Night club Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Evening entertainment Karaoke Pool table Services Ticket service Daily housekeeping Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Via Amsterdam Top Amsterdam hotels Intercontinental Amstel Amsterdam, An IHG Hotel 8.8 Excellent Professor Tulpplein 1, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Behind the hotel’s grand colonnaded entrance, the regal interior features original, 19th-century staircases, chandeliers and elegant marble floors. You can enjoy an Afternoon Tea in the lounge or Mirror Room with river views, and wind down in the Health Club with a large indoor pool, saunas, massage rooms and a fitness area. Dine on locally inspired, seasonal dishes in the Amstel Restaurant, and discover the city with a tour on one of the hotel’s classic saloon boats. C$ 548 Avg. per night View Deals Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Dam 9, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Set in a historic building that dates back to 1855, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam, formerly known as NH Collection Amsterdam Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky, is a landmark in Amsterdam. It is situated right on the main square and enjoys a privileged location overlooking the Royal Palace. Reach many of the city’s attractions on foot, such as the Van Gogh Museum, the Anne Frank House and the Rijksmuseum. Amsterdam Central Station is only seven minutes away. Recently renovated, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam has 402 spacious contemporary rooms. There are 8 family rooms, 35 apartments with canal views and 10 premium triple rooms. Each has individually controlled air-conditioning, Nespresso machines, rain-effect showers and ultra-comfortable mattresses. The height of luxury is the Royal Suite, spread over two floors. A delectable breakfast is served daily in the grand 19th century Winter Garden. A perfect setting for a wedding, the hotel has 16 meeting rooms for up to 1500 people. Opened in April 2016, Michelin starred The White Room is a true gastronomic delight where Jacob Jan Boerma heads the kitchen. Grand Café Krasnapolsky is ideal for business lunches, enjoying views of the Dam Square. To unwind, head to Bar The Tailor and enjoy a cocktail. C$ 362 Avg. per night View Deals Pulitzer Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Prinsengracht 323, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map With a stay at Pulitzer Amsterdam, you'll be centrally located in Amsterdam, just a 3-minute walk from Anne Frank House and 9 minutes by foot from Dam Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. This hotel has 7 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 514 Avg. per night View Deals Krasnapolsky Apartments 8.3 Excellent Dam 9, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map For long-term stays in Amsterdam, the luxurious Krasnapolsky apartments offer private accommodation in the heart of Amsterdam. Relax in this wonderful accommodation and benefit from all facilities of the NH Collection Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky. The apartments are spacious and consist of a fully equipped kitchen with a dish-washer, a spacious living room, a comfortable bedroom and a luxurious bathroom. TV with international channels, a washing machine and a tumble dryer are all available for your convenience. During your stay you can make use of all hotel facilities, such as valet parking and a team of concierge staff who are able to assist you with question about the city, book tickets and arrange tours. The hotels central location makes it possible to discover all interesting sights and attractions easily. There is a winter garden where you can have a delicious breakfast- or lunch buffet every morning. Furthermore, there are 2 restaurants where you can have a good dinner. At the Grand Café Krasnapolsky, guests can enjoy classical dishes prepared with a modern twist, as well as various types of teas and snacks. The White Room restaurant is awarded with a Michelin Star and serves modern cuisine. At Bar The Tailor, you can enjoy tailor made and award winning cocktails. C$ 279 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Amsterdam Hotels closest to Via Amsterdam Hampton by Hilton Amsterdam / Arena Boulevard 8.1 Excellent Hoekenrode 1, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.5 km from current hotel Hampton By Hilton Amsterdam Arena Boulevard provides modern 3-star accommodation in Amsterdam. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 141 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Amsterdam - Arena Towers 7.8 Good Hoogoorddreef 66, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.9 km from current hotel This relaxed hotel in Amsterdam offers free wireless internet, as well as meeting rooms and a coffee bar. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is within walking distance of Amsterdam Bijlmer ArenA Railway Station. C$ 130 Avg. per night View Deals a&o Amsterdam Zuidoost 7.6 Good Hogehilweg 22, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.2 km from current hotel Located amongst a variety of tourist attractions, boutiques and restaurants, A&O Amsterdam Zuidoost is ideal for those wishing to explore Amsterdam and its surroundings. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Ozo Hotels Arena Amsterdam 7.5 Good Karspeldreef 2, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.4 km from current hotel Ozo Hotel is located in Amsterdam and offers a rooftop terrace. It also provides a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Amsterdam hotels Princess Hotel 5.3 Okay Overtoom 80-i, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Princess Hostel Leidse Square is situated in Amsterdam and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Amigo Budget Hostel 5.8 Okay Linnaeusstraat 199, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amigo Budget Hostel is set in Amsterdam and is within a short walk of nearby landmarks, such as Oosterpark. It provides good-value accommodation with free wireless internet access. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati 5.5 Okay Sarphatipark 58, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati is a charming base when in Amsterdam and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals International Budget Hostel City Center 6.6 Good Leidsegracht 76, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Conveniently situated, International Budget Hostel City Center offers easy access to Amsterdam's main hot spots. It is close to Theater Bellevue and Leidseplein. C$ 32 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Amsterdam Recommended hotels Apple Inn Hotel 7.9 Good Koninginneweg 93, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Apple Inn Hotel Amsterdam provides a comfortable setting while in Amsterdam. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Max Brown Hotel Museum Square 8.0 Excellent Jan Luijkenstraat 40 - 46, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Situated amongst a range of popular tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, Max Brown Hotel Museum Square is ideal for those wanting to explore Amsterdam and its surroundings. It is located a short walk from Theater Bellevue and Leidseplein. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals Shelter Jordan Amsterdam Hostel Bloemstraat 179, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Located in Amsterdam City Centre, Shelter Jordan Christian Hostel is a short stroll to several local tourist attractions, including De Otter, the Homomonument and the Anne Frank House. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel 8.6 Excellent Joan Muyskenweg 20, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel is located in Amsterdam and features complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sauna, massage services and an outdoor pool. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Via Amsterdam 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 9,080 verified guest reviews 8.0Solo 8.1Friends 7.7Families 7.8Couples Traveller type: Solo Friends Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Via Amsterdam All photos (60) Bedroom (24) Bathroom (8) Other (6) Room amenity (5) Where is Via Amsterdam Most Popular Landmarks Amsterdam RAI4.7 km Heineken Experience5.5 km Rijksmuseum6.0 km NEMO6.0 km Royal Palace Amsterdam6.7 km Olympisch Stadion7.0 km Getting Around Amsterdam Bijlmer ArenA1.6 km Amsterdam Van der Madeweg1.7 km Amsterdam Bijlmer1.8 km Amsterdam Hoogoorddreef1.9 km Amsterdam Transformatorweg10.1 km Amsterdam Sloterdijk10.5 km FAQs when booking at Via Amsterdam How close is Via Amsterdam to the nearest airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport? At 12.8 km away, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport is the closest airport to Via Amsterdam. The average expected drive time from Via Amsterdam to Amsterdam Schiphol Airport is 0h 09m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport to Via Amsterdam? For the most freedom while visiting Amsterdam, consider renting a car for about C$ 42/day and parking it at Via Amsterdam where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Via Amsterdam guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Amsterdam. How close is Via Amsterdam from the Amsterdam city center? Via Amsterdam is 2.4 km away from the center of Amsterdam-Zuidoost, Amsterdam. Consider visiting Van Gogh Museum, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Via Amsterdam by various forms of transportation. What is the Via Amsterdam phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Via Amsterdam please call +31 202 265 800. Does Via Amsterdam have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Via Amsterdam has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Via Amsterdam? Check-out should be before 10:00 AM. For checking in at Via Amsterdam, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Via Amsterdam, Amsterdam? Prices at Via Amsterdam will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 109, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 19. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Via Amsterdam? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Via Amsterdam for opening and last order times. A bar is also available on-site. Does Via Amsterdam have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Via Amsterdam. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Via Amsterdam from Amsterdam Arena? Amsterdam Arena in Amsterdam is 1.6 km away from Via Amsterdam. Is Via Amsterdam close to Ziggo Dome? If you want to see Ziggo Dome while visiting Amsterdam, Via Amsterdam is just 1.8 km away. Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,811 Via Amsterdam Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
