https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Victorian_Hotel.htm
Victorian Hotel, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Victorian Hotel Victorian Hotel Hotel 514 Homer Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,371 reviews 8.5 C$ 159 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Victorian Hotel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Victorian Hotel Victorian Hotel is conveniently located in the city centre and is only five minutes from Vancouver Harbour Centre. Only a 10 minute walk from Waterfront Station, the hotel offers guests an ideal base ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.2 km Rating 8.5 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 10.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 681 6369 All policies Amenities at Victorian Hotel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Electric kettle Radio Disabled Access Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Towels Safety deposit box Cribs available Fire extinguisher EV charging station Seating area Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared bathroom Shared lounge/TV area Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Shared toilet Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Hypoallergenic Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Socket near the bed Alarm clock CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Safe Clothes rack Trash cans Complimentary breakfast Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Parking (surcharge) Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Hiking Beach access Bicycle rental Cycling Skiing Services Wedding services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Laundry service Multi-lingual staff 24/7 concierge Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Key access Beauty salon 24-hour security Ski storage Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Victorian Hotel Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to Victorian Hotel St. Clair Hotel Hostel 6.7 Good 577 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel St Clair Hotel Hostel is set in Vancouver and is within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Delta Hotels by Marriott Vancouver Downtown Suites 8.5 Excellent 550 West Hastings Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Set in the centre of Vancouver, Delta Hotels Vancouver Downtown Suites is a short walk from Waterfront Station, and just a few steps from nearby bars and eateries. It also provides a sauna, a bowling alley and a swimming pool. C$ 244 Avg. per night View Deals Kingston Hotel 9.2 Excellent 757 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel This Vancouver hotel is located within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 1,799 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 281 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 443 Avg. per night View Deals Granville Island Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1253 Johnston Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located a short walk from Yaletown Roundhouse Skytrain Station, Granville Island Hotel provides guests with an ideal base while in Vancouver. This sophisticated hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 268 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Victorian Hotel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.5 GreatBased on 1,371 verified guest reviews 8.7Friends 8.5Families 8.5Couples 8.5Solo Traveller type: Friends Families Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Victorian Hotel All photos (51) Bedroom (25) Bathroom (6) Outdoors view (4) Attractions (3) Where is Victorian Hotel Most Popular Landmarks Pacific Centre Shopping Mall0.4 km Waterfront Centre0.5 km BC Place Stadium0.6 km Rogers Arena0.6 km TELUS World of Science1.2 km Science World at TELUS World of Science1.2 km Getting Around Vancouver Waterfront Station0.4 km Vancouver Georgian Court Hotel0.5 km Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station0.7 km Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe1.0 km Vancouver Blue Horizon Hotel1.2 km Vancouver Pacific Central Station1.4 km FAQs when booking at Victorian Hotel How close is Victorian Hotel to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? At 0.9 km away, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport is the closest airport to Victorian Hotel. The average expected drive time from Victorian Hotel to Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport is 0h 01m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Victorian Hotel? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Victorian Hotel from the Vancouver city center? The center of Gastown, Vancouver, is just 0.4 km away from the front doors of Victorian Hotel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as BC Place Stadium, which you can get to from Victorian Hotel using any means of transportation. What is the Victorian Hotel phone number? You can reach the front desk of Victorian Hotel at +1 604 681 6369. Does Victorian Hotel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Victorian Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Victorian Hotel? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Victorian Hotel, Vancouver? On average, guests have been paying C$ 183 per night to stay at Victorian Hotel. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 115 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Victorian Hotel? Victorian Hotel does have a restaurant. Does Victorian Hotel have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Victorian Hotel, Vancouver. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Victorian Hotel from TELUS World of Science? You can walk to TELUS World of Science while staying at Victorian Hotel - you’ll be about 1.2 km away. Is Victorian Hotel close to Rogers Arena? Victorian Hotel is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Rogers Arena, which is 0.6 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Victorian Hotel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
