https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Victoria_Apartments_London.htm
Victoria Apartments, London | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,148 England Hotels 166,127 London Hotels 25,424 Victoria Apartments Victoria Apartments Apartment London, United Kingdom ExcellentBased on 1 review 10.0 C$ 98 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Victoria Apartments Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Victoria Apartments Located in Westminster, this property is a few minutes away from the Apollo Victoria Theatre. It is surrounded by a range of dining options and is minutes on foot from Victoria Coach Station. More Good to Know To Downtown 1.3 km Rating 10.0 Nearest airport London All airports Distance to airport 1.9 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. All policies Amenities at Victoria Apartments Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Free parking Express check-out Street parking Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Laundry facilities Designated smoking area Storage available Services Ticket service Beauty salon Currency exchange on-site Laundry service All amenities Hotels Similar to Victoria Apartments Top London hotels The Langham London 9.3 Excellent 1C Portland Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map Located in Westminster, this 5-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Tottenham Court Road and Regent Street. It offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a swimming pool. The Langham London has a gym with a swimming pool and personal training classes. Guests have access to express check-in/check-out, 24-hour reception and a meeting room. It also has its very own spa and wellness centre, Chuan Body + Soul Spa. The Langham London provides 380 air conditioned rooms filled with all the necessities to ensure a comfortable stay. Slippers, a mini bar and a flat-screen TV are also provided. The hotel features an on-site restaurant, Roux at The Landau, which offers breakfast, lunch and dinner in an elegant setting. Afternoon tea is served daily at Palm Court. Guests can also enjoy a drink at Artesian. The Langham London is located in the heart of London’s entertainment district with restaurants, cafés and nightlife on the doorstep. Guests can also visit Selfridges, Oxford Street and the Madame Tussauds. C$ 734 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental London Park Lane, An IHG Hotel 8.3 Excellent 1 Hamilton Place, Park Lane, London, United Kingdom Show on map InterContinental® London Park Lane hotel makes a luxurious and relaxing base for discovering the city’s culture and heritage. Surrounded by the elegant shops and restaurants of Mayfair and Knightsbridge, many of the hotel's rooms have views across London's Royal Parks. Savour the rustic Italian cuisine offered by acclaimed chef Theo Randall or admire the views of Wellington arch while sipping on a chic cocktail in The Arch Bar. Our business facilities are among the best in the capital. C$ 468 Avg. per night View Deals Conrad London St. James 8.8 Excellent 22-28 Broadway, London, United Kingdom Show on map Set just steps from St James's Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Houses of Parliament, Conrad London St. James boasts a prestigious, historic facade and a classic, contemporary interior, which showcases stunning art and locally inspired design. The ideal location connects guests to iconic London landmarks and provides easy access to the City and major conference centres. The hotel's intuitive and personal service appeals to both today's smart luxury travelers and local clientele who came to dine or hold meetings in the inspiring setting. Inside you will find luxurious rooms featuring modern in-room technology and amenities, complete with spacious bathtubs and walk-in showers. Enjoy an elevated style of British cuisine by renowned Chef Sally Abe at The Pem restaurant, before sampling a pint of house draught from Meantime Brewery, or perhaps one of the selections of craft beers, wines and iconic gins in the Blue Boar pub. Savour a quintessentially English afternoon tea in the Orchard room, and enjoy innovative cocktails created by top mixologists in our glamorous cocktail bar The Hedgerow. Energize with the latest equipment in the 24-hour Fitness Center. With over 7000 sq. ft. flexible meeting space, state-of-the-art audio-visual technology and creative food, Conrad London St James is ideal for business events, conferences, and weddings. C$ 381 Avg. per night View Deals Leonardo London St Pauls 8.2 Excellent 10 Godliman Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map The Grange St. Pauls Hotel comprises of 400 luxurious appointed suites, bedrooms & penthouse featuring the very latest technology. Guests are offered complimentary access to the St. Pauls Health & Fitness Club and Spa. The extensive facilities include 20M-heated swimming pool, gymnasium with the most up to date equipment, studios, sauna, steamroom, and aromatherapy suites. The beauty therapy and treatments available range from 15 minute manicures to full spa day pamper packages. Dining is diverse with a wide choice of restaurants and bars.A fully comprehensive, self-contained conference & events center with its un-paralleled Auditorium.Other facilities include club lounge, business center, express check out, disabled rooms, concierge, 24 hour room service and a private atrium.Creed lane rooms are located 200m from the main building at 9 Creed Lane London EC4V 5BR C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in London Hotels closest to Victoria Apartments Chester Hotel 5.4 Okay 27-29 Longmoore Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Westminster, Chester Hotel London is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Westminster Cathedral, John Lewis Department Store and the Apollo Victoria Theatre. It provides guests with an ideal base with Victoria Coach Station just a 10-minute stroll away. C$ 88 Avg. per night View Deals The Blair Victoria Hotel 4.0 Okay 78-84 Warwick Way, Victoria, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Westminster, The Blair Victoria Hotel offers 2-star accommodation and a concierge, laundry facilities and a 24-hour reception. It is set amongst a range of shops and boutiques, and is minutes on foot from Victoria Coach Station. C$ 100 Avg. per night View Deals Park Plaza Victoria London 8.4 Excellent 239 Vauxhall Bridge Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated a short drive from Big Ben, Park Plaza Victoria London offers luxury accommodation in London. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as a sauna, free Wi-Fi and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 264 Avg. per night View Deals DoubleTree by Hilton London - Victoria 7.8 Good 2 Bridge Place, London, United Kingdom Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in London, DoubleTree by Hilton London Victoria offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to the Apollo Victoria Theatre. It offers guests an ideal base with Victoria Coach Station only a 10-minute walk away. C$ 287 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap London hotels Smart Hyde Park View Hostel 7.1 Good 16 Leinster Terrace, London, United Kingdom Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hostel is just a short stroll from Queensway and Kensington Gardens. It also offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi and a currency exchange. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Kensington Holland Park 6.3 Good Holland Walk, London, United Kingdom Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated within walking distance of High Street Kensington Tube Station, Safestay London Kensington Holland Park provides guests with an ideal base when visiting London. The numerous facilities this stylish hostel offers include luggage storage, a games room and a 24-hour reception. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Clink 261 Hostel 7.1 Good 261-265 Grays Inn Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Clink261 Hostel London provides 3-star accommodation in Central London. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Safestay London Elephant & Castle 7.1 Good 144-152 Walworth Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Safestay London Elephant & Castle provides stylish accommodation in London and is within a five-minute walk of Elephant & Castle Railway Station. The multiple amenities this peaceful hostel offers include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and bicycle rental. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in London Recommended hotels Best Western Corona 7.3 Good 85-89 Belgrave Road, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in London, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. The multiple amenities this Victorian hotel features include luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and babysitting/child services. C$ 207 Avg. per night View Deals Me London 8.6 Excellent 336-337 The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Located in Westminster, this hotel is just a 10-minute walk to the Royal National Theatre. It offers panoramic views of the city, stylish rooms with rain showers and personalised service. C$ 516 Avg. per night View Deals The Clermont London, Charing Cross 8.8 Excellent The Strand, London, United Kingdom Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom This Westminster hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is close to the London Eye and the National Gallery. Featuring views of Strand and Trafalgar Square, it also offers a wide range of facilities, including 24-hour room service, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Astor Museum Hostel 7.6 Good 27 Montague Street, London, United Kingdom Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, London, ENG, United Kingdom Situated in the popular hub of Central London, Astor Museum Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. Just a short stroll from the British Museum, it offers cosy rooms equipped with free wireless internet access. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Victoria Apartments 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 10.0 ExcellentBased on 1 verified guest review 10.0Solo Traveller type: Couples Families Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Victoria Apartments All photos (1) Bedroom (1) Where is Victoria Apartments Most Popular Landmarks Buckingham Palace1.0 km Big Ben1.4 km Harrods1.8 km Trafalgar Square1.9 km London Eye1.9 km Piccadilly Circus2.0 km Getting Around London Victoria0.4 km London Westminster1.1 km London Millbank1.1 km London Vauxhall1.3 km London Westminster1.4 km London Hilton Hotel1.6 km FAQs when booking at Victoria Apartments How close is Victoria Apartments to the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport? With a distance of 22 km between Victoria Apartments and the nearest airport, London Heathrow Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 17m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from London Heathrow Airport to Victoria Apartments? Victoria Apartments has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in London, renting a car for around C$ 34/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from London Heathrow Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Victoria Apartments guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting London. How close is Victoria Apartments from the London city center? Victoria Apartments is 0.4 km away from the center of Victoria, London. Consider visiting Tower Bridge, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Victoria Apartments by various forms of transportation. Does Victoria Apartments have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Victoria Apartments has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Victoria Apartments? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Victoria Apartments, guests should plan for any time after 2:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. Does Victoria Apartments have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at Victoria Apartments. How far is Victoria Apartments from Hyde Park? Victoria Apartments is a good place to stay to see Hyde Park. It’s 2.7 km away. Is Victoria Apartments close to Nobu Portman Square? Walking distance - there’s 2.9 km between Nobu Portman Square and Victoria Apartments. Home United Kingdom Hotels 221,148 England Hotels 166,127 London Hotels 25,424 Victoria Apartments Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
