https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Victoria_Regent_Waterfront_Hotel_Suites.htm
Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites, Victoria | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites Hotel 1234 Wharf Street, Victoria, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 459 reviews 8.9 C$ 264 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites is located in Victoria and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It features modern rooms with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. This ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.3 km Rating 8.9 Nearest airport Victoria Intl Distance to airport 24.8 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 250 386 2211 All policies Amenities at Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Electric kettle Radio Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Fan Safety deposit box Cribs available Fire extinguisher Sea view Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Minibar Flat-screen TV Fold-up bed Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Oven Accessible by elevator Hypoallergenic Physical distancing rules Additional bathroom Microwave Additional toilet Sofa Sofa bed CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Balcony Kitchenware Bathtub Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Stovetop Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted CD player Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Safe Outdoor furniture City view Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Dining area Bathrobe Dining table Private bathroom Garden Kitchen 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Eco tourism Bicycle rental Golf Services Ticket service Business centre Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Tour desk Babysitting/child services (surcharge) All amenities Hotels Similar to Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites Top Victoria hotels Fairmont Empress 8.1 Excellent 721 Government Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map This Forbes Four-Star, 4-Diamond property offers 464 beautifully appointed guest rooms and suites, Willow Stream Spa with signature West Coast experiences, Outdoor dining on the Q Veranda featuring Pacific Northwest cuisine and award winning wine list, and Q Bar's regionally focused cocktail culture. Located on Vancouver Island, Canada's Castle on the Coast is the ideal starting point to explore British Columbia's stunning natural beauty. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA 8.0 Excellent 146 Kingston Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map The Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA puts you on the waterfront in the heart of British Columbias capital city. Our hotel offers 132 spacious rooms and suites with most featuring captivating views. On-site amenities include an indoor/outdoor pool, exercise room, whirlpool and sauna. At the Blue Crab Seafood House guests can enjoy fabulous westcoast cuisine. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Oswego Hotel 8.8 Excellent 500 Oswego Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Oswego Hotel in Victoria (James Bay), you'll be a 3-minute walk from Victoria Harbour and 5 minutes by foot from Victoria Clipper Ferry Terminal. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Grand Pacific 8.3 Excellent 463 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Grand Pacific, you'll be centrally located in Victoria, steps from Victoria Harbour and 3 minutes by foot from Government Street. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Victoria? This hotel has 10000 square feet (929 square meters) of space consisting of a conference center and a meeting room. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 195 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Victoria Hotels closest to Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites Hi-Victoria 516 Yates Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Providing a shuttle service to Victoria International Airport, as well as free wireless internet, the hotel is a comfortable base in Victoria. It is surrounded by a variety of clubs and establishments and is minutes on foot from Victoria Railway Station. C$ 201 Avg. per night View Deals Swans Brewery, Pub and Hotel 7.8 Good 506 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Swans Brewery Pub & Hotel is located in Victoria and features free Wi-Fi. It is set in the area's popular nightlife district, which is only a few minutes walk from Chinatown and Victoria City Hall. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals The Bedford Regency Hotel 7.3 Good 1140 Government Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated amongst a range of popular tourist hot spots, shops and dining options, The Bedford Regency Hotel is ideal for guests wanting to discover Victoria and its surroundings. It also offers a Jacuzzi, free Wi-Fi and meeting rooms. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Delta Hotels by Marriott Victoria Ocean Pointe Resort 8.2 Excellent 100 Harbour Road, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated in Victoria, the hotel is within a 35-minute drive of Victoria International Airport and offers an indoor pool and outdoor tennis courts. It is conveniently located for those wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 278 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Victoria hotels Ocean Island Inn | Backpackers | Suites 6.9 Good 791 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada This Victoria hostel is set two minutes from BC Ferries, and provides relaxed accommodation. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Victoria Railway Station. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals Island Travel Inn 5.3 Okay 1850 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Island Travel Inn is located in Victoria and is close to the area's popular attractions. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Arbutus Inn 7.6 Good 2898 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist hot spots, shops and eateries, Arbutus Inn is ideal for guests wanting to discover Victoria and its surroundings. It also provides free public parking on site and Christ Church Cathedral is a 10-minute drive away. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn Victoria Uptown 7.5 Good 229 Gorge Road East, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated in Victoria, Days Inn by Wyndham Victoria Uptown offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a heated pool and a sauna. Guests can also take advantage of free wireless internet throughout their stay. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Victoria Recommended hotels The Craigmyle 8.1 Excellent 1037 Craigdarroch Road, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada The Craigmyle provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Victoria. A short stroll from Art Gallery of Greater Victoria, it offers individually-decorated rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Cherry Tree Inn 7.4 Good 4879 Cherry Tree Bend, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 9.5 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Conveniently based and providing free Wi-Fi, this comfortable motel is an easy drive from Victoria. It is also minutes from Saanich's well-known attractions. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Pendray Inn and Tea House 8.5 Excellent 309 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated close to Victoria Railway Station, this historic bed and breakfast is a convenient base for those wanting to discover Victoria and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa 8.9 Excellent 849 Verdier Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 18.2 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Brentwood Bay Resort & Spa is located on Vancouver Island and provides 4-star accommodation in addition to a Jacuzzi and a rooftop terrace. It also offers a swimming pool, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 256 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.9 GreatBased on 459 verified guest reviews 9.2Friends 8.9Solo 9.2Families 8.7Couples Traveller type: Friends Solo Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites All photos (24) Other (6) Outdoors view (4) Building (3) Balcony (2) Where is Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites Most Popular Landmarks Open Space Arts Society0.2 km Victoria Harbour0.3 km Save-On-Foods Memorial Centre0.9 km Victoria Fisherman's Wharf1.0 km Fisherman's Wharf Park1.1 km Bear Mountain Golf Club12.9 km Getting Around Victoria Douglas at View0.4 km Victoria Ferry0.6 km Victoria Douglas at Discovery0.7 km Victoria Bus Station0.8 km Victoria Douglas at Kings1.2 km Victoria Douglas at Finlayson2.1 km FAQs when booking at Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites How close is Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites to the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport? There are 0.3 km between the closest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, and Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 01m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites? Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Victoria, renting a car for around C$ 34/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites from the Victoria city center? Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites is just 0.6 km away from the center of Downtown, Victoria. From Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Hatley Castle. What is the Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites please call +1 250 386 2211. Does Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites? The standard check-out time at Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites is 11:00 AM. Guests can usually check-in from 4:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites, Victoria? A good deal at Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites right now is between C$ 180 and C$ 294 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Does Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites from Emily Carr House? Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites is about 1.5 km from Emily Carr House, one of Victoria’s most popular landmarks. Is Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites close to Royal Theatre? Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Royal Theatre, which is 0.7 km away. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
