https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Victoria_Marriott_Inner_Harbour.htm
Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour, Victoria | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour Hotel 728 Humboldt Street, Victoria, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 384 reviews 8.0 C$ 259 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour Less than a 20-minute stroll from Victoria Railway Station, the hotel offers guests an ideal base when visiting Victoria. It also offers outdoor tennis courts, a swimming pool and a Jacuzzi. ... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Distance to airport 0.6 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 250 480 3800 All policies Amenities at Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Executive lounge access Family rooms Cribs available Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Hot tub Indoor pool No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden 24hr front desk Kitchenette Steam room Storage available Private parking Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box Grill EV charging station Elevator Shower Iron and ironing board First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Spa bath Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone CD player Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Sauna City view Coffee machine TV Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Show more Activities Bicycle rental Scuba diving Fitness centre Tennis Hiking Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Special diet menus (on request) Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour Top Victoria hotels Fairmont Empress 8.1 Excellent 721 Government Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map This Forbes Four-Star, 4-Diamond property offers 464 beautifully appointed guest rooms and suites, Willow Stream Spa with signature West Coast experiences, Outdoor dining on the Q Veranda featuring Pacific Northwest cuisine and award winning wine list, and Q Bar's regionally focused cocktail culture. Located on Vancouver Island, Canada's Castle on the Coast is the ideal starting point to explore British Columbia's stunning natural beauty. C$ 291 Avg. per night View Deals Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA 8.0 Excellent 146 Kingston Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map The Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA puts you on the waterfront in the heart of British Columbias capital city. Our hotel offers 132 spacious rooms and suites with most featuring captivating views. On-site amenities include an indoor/outdoor pool, exercise room, whirlpool and sauna. At the Blue Crab Seafood House guests can enjoy fabulous westcoast cuisine. C$ 224 Avg. per night View Deals The Oswego Hotel 8.8 Excellent 500 Oswego Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at The Oswego Hotel in Victoria (James Bay), you'll be a 3-minute walk from Victoria Harbour and 5 minutes by foot from Victoria Clipper Ferry Terminal. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Grand Pacific 8.3 Excellent 463 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Grand Pacific, you'll be centrally located in Victoria, steps from Victoria Harbour and 3 minutes by foot from Government Street. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and express check-in. Planning an event in Victoria? This hotel has 10000 square feet (929 square meters) of space consisting of a conference center and a meeting room. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 195 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Victoria Hotels closest to Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Victoria 8.2 Excellent 777 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Featuring an infinity pool and free wired internet, the hotel is situated in Victoria and is a short stroll from Inner Harbour and the Greater Victoria Public Library. It is moments from Victoria Conference Centre, eateries and nightlife options. C$ 244 Avg. per night View Deals Chateau Victoria Hotel and Suites 8.4 Excellent 740 Burdett Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Victoria, the hotel is within a 30-minute drive of Victoria International Airport and provides a Jacuzzi, free Wi-Fi and a swimming pool. It is close to the Greater Victoria Public Library, shops and nightlife options. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals The Parkside Hotel & Spa 810 Humboldt Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Victoria, The Parkside Hotel & Spa offers stylish, 3-star accommodation close to the Miniature World. It features free wireless internet, a fitness centre and an indoor pool, and is within walking distance of British Columbia Parliament Buildings. C$ 290 Avg. per night View Deals Quality Inn Downtown Inner Harbour 7.3 Good 850 Blanshard Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located a short walk from Victoria Railway Station, Quality Inn Downtown Inner Harbour provides guests with a convenient base when in Victoria. Offering free Wi-Fi, a restaurant and an indoor pool, the hotel is within a 10-minute walk of BC Ferries. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Victoria hotels Ocean Island Inn | Backpackers | Suites 6.9 Good 791 Pandora Avenue, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada This Victoria hostel is set two minutes from BC Ferries, and provides relaxed accommodation. Surrounded by local bars and restaurants, it is a short walk from Victoria Railway Station. C$ 44 Avg. per night View Deals Island Travel Inn 5.3 Okay 1850 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Island Travel Inn is located in Victoria and is close to the area's popular attractions. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals Arbutus Inn 7.6 Good 2898 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.6 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist hot spots, shops and eateries, Arbutus Inn is ideal for guests wanting to discover Victoria and its surroundings. It also provides free public parking on site and Christ Church Cathedral is a 10-minute drive away. C$ 105 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn Victoria Uptown 7.5 Good 229 Gorge Road East, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 2.1 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated in Victoria, Days Inn by Wyndham Victoria Uptown offers 3-star accommodation, as well as a heated pool and a sauna. Guests can also take advantage of free wireless internet throughout their stay. C$ 108 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Victoria Recommended hotels The Craigmyle 8.1 Excellent 1037 Craigdarroch Road, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada The Craigmyle provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Victoria. A short stroll from Art Gallery of Greater Victoria, it offers individually-decorated rooms equipped with a refrigerator. C$ 120 Avg. per night View Deals Cherry Tree Inn 7.4 Good 4879 Cherry Tree Bend, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 9.5 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Conveniently based and providing free Wi-Fi, this comfortable motel is an easy drive from Victoria. It is also minutes from Saanich's well-known attractions. C$ 117 Avg. per night View Deals Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites 8.9 Excellent 1234 Wharf Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Victoria Regent Waterfront Hotel & Suites is located in Victoria and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It features modern rooms with an en suite bathroom and a kitchenette. C$ 263 Avg. per night View Deals Pendray Inn and Tea House 8.5 Excellent 309 Belleville Street, Victoria, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Victoria, BC, Canada Situated close to Victoria Railway Station, this historic bed and breakfast is a convenient base for those wanting to discover Victoria and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access. C$ 199 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 384 verified guest reviews 7.8Couples 7.9Solo 8.1Families 8.2Friends Traveller type: Couples Solo Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour All photos (44) Bedroom (11) Building (4) Bathroom (3) Front desk (3) Where is Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour Most Popular Landmarks Open Space Arts Society0.5 km Victoria Harbour0.7 km Save-On-Foods Memorial Centre1.2 km Victoria Fisherman's Wharf1.3 km Fisherman's Wharf Park1.3 km Bear Mountain Golf Club13.6 km Getting Around Victoria Bus Station0.1 km Victoria Douglas at View0.5 km Victoria Ferry0.7 km Victoria Douglas at Discovery1.2 km Victoria Douglas at Kings1.7 km Victoria Douglas at Finlayson2.7 km FAQs when booking at Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour Is pricing at Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour comparable to 4 star hotels in Victoria? Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour is generally less than the average price of 4 stars hotels in Victoria. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 256 per night in Victoria. Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour will run you C$ 256 per night, which is 26% cheaper than the Victoria average. How close is Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour to the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, and Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour is 0.6 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 01m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport to Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour? Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Victoria, renting a car for around C$ 34/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour considered pet-friendly? Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour welcomes most household pets. Is there a pool at Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour? Yes, Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour from the Victoria city center? The center of Downtown, Victoria, is just 0.4 km away from the front doors of Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Hatley Castle, which you can get to from Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour using any means of transportation. What is the Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 250 480 3800 to talk to a Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour front desk representative. Does Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour? Yes, there is a gym available to Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour, guests should plan for any time after 4:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour, Victoria? Usually Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour room prices are around C$ 256/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 211/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour? There is a restaurant located in Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour. Please contact them for kitchen hours. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour that can be used by guests. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour from Emily Carr House? Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour is a good place to stay to see Emily Carr House. It’s 0.9 km away. Is Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour close to Royal Theatre? Royal Theatre is also a popular place to see in Victoria. It is 0.3 km from Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Island Hotels 4,282 Victoria Hotels 1,146 Victoria Marriott Inner Harbour Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
