https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/VIP_Executive_Entrecampos_Hotel_Conference.htm
Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference, Lisbon | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference Hotel Avenida 5 de Outubro, 295, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal GoodBased on 2,148 reviews 7.7 C$ 99 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference Situated in Lisbon, VIP Executive Entrecampos Hotel & Conference offers 4-star accommodation, as well as a sauna. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and an all-inclusive meal plan. <... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.7 km Rating 7.7 Nearest airport Lisbon Humberto Delgado Distance to airport 3.4 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +351 210 043 000 All policies Amenities at Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Disabled Access Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Gift shop Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Minibar Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shoeshine Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Indoor pool Allergy-free room No smoking Soundproof rooms Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Sauna Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Car rental Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available All amenities Hotels Similar to Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference Top Lisbon hotels Hotel Avenida Palace 9.4 Excellent Rua 1 De Dezembro 123, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Avenida Palace, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 10 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa 8.8 Excellent Avenida Liberdade, 185, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map Experience a piece of history when you stay at the first-ever Tivoli Hotel in Lisbon. Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Hotel first opened its doors in 1933 and is famous for being the home of late Portuguese actress and icon, Beatriz Costa, for over 30 years. Located in the heart of the Portuguese capital, on the city’s most luxurious avenues, you’ll be within walking distance of the city’s hotspots. Visit the majestic Castelo de São Jorge, take the Glória Funicular up to the São Pedro de Alcântara viewpoint, or spend a day exploring stylish shops, bars and restaurants. Our newly refurbished rooms offer an oasis of calm and views of Avenida da Liberdade, the Tagus River or the secluded patio. Our room amenities include Nespresso machines and Wi-Fi. Suites and connecting rooms are available for families, with the Anantara Spa and exclusive outdoor pool perfecting the mood of relaxation. Dine in style at SEEN Lisboa rooftop restaurant, serving signature cocktails and delicious food – from Wagyu beef to locally sourced oysters. The more traditional Cervejaria Liberdade, known for its fish and seafood, is open all day. Just a 15-minute drive from the airport, our congress center is the perfect place to host your event. Our experienced conference and events team will ensure everything runs smoothly. C$ 308 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Avenida Hotel 9.0 Excellent Rua 1º De Dezembro, 120, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Altis Avenida Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 11 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Limited parking is available onsite. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa 7.5 Good Avenida 5 De Outubro, 197, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at VIP Grand Lisboa Hotel and Spa in Lisbon (Lisbon City Center), you'll be a 5-minute drive from Rossio Square and 7 minutes from Lisbon Oceanarium. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Planning an event in Lisbon? This hotel features 5305 square feet (493 square meters) of event facilities. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Lisbon Hotels closest to Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference NH Lisboa Campo Grande 8.5 Excellent Campo Grande 7, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Providing a sauna and a Jacuzzi, NH Lisboa Campo Grande is situated in Lisbon and is a short stroll from the Biblioteca Nacional de Portugal. It has a fitness centre, as well as an express check-in and check-out feature, a coffee bar and meeting rooms. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Executive Zurique Hotel 7.3 Good Rua Ivone Silva, 18, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Offering views of Lisbon, VIP Executive Zurique Hotel is located in a well-known shopping district, plus boasts an outdoor pool. This cosy hotel is an ideal choice for discovering the local vineyards as it is situated in the Lisboa Wine Region. C$ 90 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa 7.5 Good Avenida 5 De Outubro, 197, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Situated in Lisbon, VIP Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna and a Turkish steam bath. The multiple facilities this luxury hotel has to offer include 24-hour room service, a beauty centre and valet parking. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental 8.1 Excellent Rua Laura Alves 9, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Contemporary in its design, Holiday Inn Lisbon-Continental is located in a well-known area of Lisbon. The various amenities this modern hotel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a coffee bar and valet parking. C$ 163 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Lisbon hotels Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Hotel Expo Astoria is located amongst Lisbon's well-known restaurants and eateries, just a brief stroll from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. The various facilities this trendy hotel offers include luggage storage, porters and a 24-hour reception. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Destination Hostel 8.7 Excellent Estação Ferroviária do Rossio, piso 2, Largo Duque de Cadaval, 17-2ºF, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Providing free Wi-Fi, Lisbon Destination Hostel is located in Lisbon and is a short stroll from Rossio Square and Santa Justa Lift. The hostel is also conveniently situated within a five-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Friendly Hills Bairro Alto 8.5 Excellent Rua da Barroca, 4 - 1 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Friendly Hills Bairro Alto is a convenient base when in Lisbon. It is close to Bairro Alto, shops and nightlife options. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial do Sul 6.9 Good Avenida Almirante Reis, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Less than a 20-minute stroll from Restauradores Metro Station, Residencial Do Sul Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Lisbon. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Lisbon Recommended hotels Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel 9.3 Excellent Rua de Santiago, 10 a 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Wallis São Bento 6.9 Good Avenida Álvares Cabral 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located in Lisbon, Wallis Sao Bento is within easy reach of Bairro Alto and Belem Tower. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments 8.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Set in the heart of the city, Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments offers easy access to Lisbon's main retail areas and tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals 54 Santa Catarina Apartments 9.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated under a 10-minute stroll from Cais do Sodre Metro Station, 54 Santa Catarina Apartments offers guests a convenient base when in Lisbon. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 163 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.7 GoodBased on 2,148 verified guest reviews 7.6Families 8.0Friends 7.7Couples 7.8Solo Traveller type: Families Friends Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference All photos (55) Bedroom (9) Other (8) Lobby (6) Restaurant (5) Where is Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference Most Popular Landmarks Museu Calouste Gulbenkian1.1 km Jardim Botânico3.2 km Castelo de São Jorge3.9 km Elevador de Santa Justa4.0 km Chiado Museum4.1 km Sé de Lisboa4.4 km Getting Around Lisbon Entrecampos0.3 km Lisbon Campo Pequeno - Av. República0.5 km Lisbon Av. da República1.1 km Lisbon Av. José Malhoa1.5 km Lisbon Saldanha1.5 km Lisbon Campo Grande1.6 km FAQs when booking at Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference Is pricing at Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference comparable to 4 star hotels in Lisbon? There is a 55% difference in the average nightly rate of 4 stars hotels in Lisbon and the average nightly rate at Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference. The rate at Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference is just C$ 110/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Lisbon. How close is Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference to the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport, and Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference is 3.4 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 02m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Lisbon. Is there a pool at Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference? Yes, Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference from the Lisbon city center? Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference is just 0.8 km away from the center of Avenidas Novas, Lisbon. From Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Sé de Lisboa. What is the Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference phone number? You can reach the front desk of Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference at +351 210 043 000. Does Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference? Yes, there is a gym available to Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference guests. Gym hours may not be 24 hours so it is recommended you ask the front desk during check-in. What is the check-out time at Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference? Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference, Lisbon? Usually Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference room prices are around C$ 110/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 85/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference? There is a restaurant located in Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference. Please contact them for kitchen hours. A bar is also available on-site. Does Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference from Estádio José Alvalade? The popular Estádio José Alvalade is just over 1.9 km from Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference. Is Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference close to SL Benfica Stadium? The distance from Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference to SL Benfica Stadium is 3 km. Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
