https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/VIP_Grand_Lisboa_Hotel_Spa.htm
Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa, Lisbon | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa Hotel Avenida 5 De Outubro, 197, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal GoodBased on 2,172 reviews 7.5 C$ 122 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa Situated in Lisbon, VIP Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa provides modern 5-star accommodation, as well as a sauna and a Turkish steam bath. The multiple facilities this luxury hotel has to offer include 24-ho... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.1 km Rating 7.5 Nearest airport Lisbon Humberto Delgado Distance to airport 3.9 km Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +351 210 435 000 All policies Amenities at Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Radio Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Rooftop pool Safety deposit box Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Minibar Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Free toiletries Room service Shower Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Slippers First-aid kit Outdoor pool Sofa Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Bidet Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Sauna Delivered food is securely covered Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Bathrobe Private bathroom Private check-in/check-out Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Steam room Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Massage Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Face masks for guests available Spa Beauty salon Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa Top Lisbon hotels Hotel Avenida Palace 9.4 Excellent Rua 1 De Dezembro 123, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Avenida Palace, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 10 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa 8.8 Excellent Avenida Liberdade, 185, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map Experience a piece of history when you stay at the first-ever Tivoli Hotel in Lisbon. Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Hotel first opened its doors in 1933 and is famous for being the home of late Portuguese actress and icon, Beatriz Costa, for over 30 years. Located in the heart of the Portuguese capital, on the city’s most luxurious avenues, you’ll be within walking distance of the city’s hotspots. Visit the majestic Castelo de São Jorge, take the Glória Funicular up to the São Pedro de Alcântara viewpoint, or spend a day exploring stylish shops, bars and restaurants. Our newly refurbished rooms offer an oasis of calm and views of Avenida da Liberdade, the Tagus River or the secluded patio. Our room amenities include Nespresso machines and Wi-Fi. Suites and connecting rooms are available for families, with the Anantara Spa and exclusive outdoor pool perfecting the mood of relaxation. Dine in style at SEEN Lisboa rooftop restaurant, serving signature cocktails and delicious food – from Wagyu beef to locally sourced oysters. The more traditional Cervejaria Liberdade, known for its fish and seafood, is open all day. Just a 15-minute drive from the airport, our congress center is the perfect place to host your event. Our experienced conference and events team will ensure everything runs smoothly. C$ 308 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Avenida Hotel 9.0 Excellent Rua 1º De Dezembro, 120, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Altis Avenida Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 11 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Limited parking is available onsite. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Real Palacio 8.0 Excellent Rua Tomas Ribeiro 115, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map A stay at Hotel Real Palacio places you in the heart of Lisbon, a 5-minute drive from Gulbenkian Museum and 13 minutes from Rossio Square. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Lisbon Hotels closest to Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa Vip Executive Zurique Hotel 7.3 Good Rua Ivone Silva, 18, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Offering views of Lisbon, VIP Executive Zurique Hotel is located in a well-known shopping district, plus boasts an outdoor pool. This cosy hotel is an ideal choice for discovering the local vineyards as it is situated in the Lisboa Wine Region. C$ 90 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Lisbon - Continental 8.1 Excellent Rua Laura Alves 9, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Contemporary in its design, Holiday Inn Lisbon-Continental is located in a well-known area of Lisbon. The various amenities this modern hotel has to offer include an express check-in and check-out feature, a coffee bar and valet parking. C$ 163 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno 7.6 Good Avenida Joao XXI, 80, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Hotel Alif Campo Pequeno offers 3-star accommodation in Lisbon. Guests can also enjoy free wireless internet. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Executive Entrecampos - Hotel & Conference 7.7 Good Avenida 5 de Outubro, 295, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Situated in Lisbon, VIP Executive Entrecampos Hotel & Conference offers 4-star accommodation, as well as a sauna. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and an all-inclusive meal plan. C$ 99 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Lisbon hotels Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Hotel Expo Astoria is located amongst Lisbon's well-known restaurants and eateries, just a brief stroll from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. The various facilities this trendy hotel offers include luggage storage, porters and a 24-hour reception. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Destination Hostel 8.7 Excellent Estação Ferroviária do Rossio, piso 2, Largo Duque de Cadaval, 17-2ºF, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Providing free Wi-Fi, Lisbon Destination Hostel is located in Lisbon and is a short stroll from Rossio Square and Santa Justa Lift. The hostel is also conveniently situated within a five-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Friendly Hills Bairro Alto 8.5 Excellent Rua da Barroca, 4 - 1 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Friendly Hills Bairro Alto is a convenient base when in Lisbon. It is close to Bairro Alto, shops and nightlife options. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial do Sul 6.9 Good Avenida Almirante Reis, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Less than a 20-minute stroll from Restauradores Metro Station, Residencial Do Sul Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Lisbon. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Lisbon Recommended hotels Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel 9.3 Excellent Rua de Santiago, 10 a 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Wallis São Bento 6.9 Good Avenida Álvares Cabral 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Located in Lisbon, Wallis Sao Bento is within easy reach of Bairro Alto and Belem Tower. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments 8.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Set in the heart of the city, Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments offers easy access to Lisbon's main retail areas and tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals 54 Santa Catarina Apartments 9.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated under a 10-minute stroll from Cais do Sodre Metro Station, 54 Santa Catarina Apartments offers guests a convenient base when in Lisbon. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 163 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.5 GoodBased on 2,172 verified guest reviews 7.5Friends 7.6Couples 7.7Solo 7.0Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa All photos (48) Bedroom (7) Building (5) Conference room (5) Lobby (5) Where is Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa Most Popular Landmarks Museu Calouste Gulbenkian0.6 km Jardim Botânico2.6 km Castelo de São Jorge3.4 km Elevador de Santa Justa3.5 km Chiado Museum3.6 km Sé de Lisboa3.9 km Getting Around Lisbon Campo Pequeno - Av. República0.2 km Lisbon Entrecampos0.3 km Lisbon Av. da República0.5 km Lisbon Saldanha1.0 km Lisbon Av. José Malhoa1.2 km Lisbon Picoas1.3 km FAQs when booking at Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa Is pricing at Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa comparable to 5 star hotels in Lisbon? The average rate for a night at Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa is 70% less than the Lisbon average for similarly rated 5 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa is typically C$ 131, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Lisbon. How close is Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa to the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport, and Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa is 3.9 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 03m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa? For the most freedom while visiting Lisbon, consider renting a car for about C$ 12/day and parking it at Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Lisbon. Is there a pool at Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa? Yes, Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa from the Lisbon city center? Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa is just 0.3 km away from the center of Avenidas Novas, Lisbon. From Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Sé de Lisboa. What is the Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa phone number? You can reach the front desk of Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa at +351 210 435 000. Does Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa? Yes. You should consider staying at Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa, Lisbon? On average, guests have been paying C$ 131 per night to stay at Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 88 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa, Lisbon. The hotel also has a bar. Does Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa have a laundry service? Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa from Estádio José Alvalade? Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa is about 2.4 km from Estádio José Alvalade, one of Lisbon’s most popular landmarks. Is Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa close to SL Benfica Stadium? Walking distance - there’s 3.3 km between SL Benfica Stadium and Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa. Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
