https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/VIVE_Hotel_Waikiki.htm
Vive Hotel Waikiki, Honolulu | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Hawaii Hotels 29,488 O'ahu Hotels 6,667 Honolulu Hotels 4,656 Vive Hotel Waikiki Vive Hotel Waikiki Hotel 2426 Kuhio Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States ExcellentBased on 475 reviews 8.5 C$ 272 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Vive Hotel Waikiki Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Vive Hotel Waikiki VIVE Hotel Waikiki is situated in Waikiki, just 20 minutes from Honolulu International Airport. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to sightsee in the area. This modern hotel prov... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.1 km Rating 8.5 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 808 687 2000 All policies Amenities at Vive Hotel Waikiki Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Radio Disabled Access Family rooms Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Sea view EV charging station Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Secured parking Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Breakfast included Iron and ironing board Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Snack bar Alarm clock CCTV in common areas No smoking Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Mountain view Air-conditioned Refrigerator Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Safe Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Beach access Bicycle rental Board games/puzzles Services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Health club 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Vive Hotel Waikiki Top Honolulu hotels The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki 8.6 Excellent 2259 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Opened in 1927 and known as the "Pink Palace of the Pacific," The Royal Hawaiian, a Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki is an oasis of timeless luxury on the island of Oahu, Hawaii. Modern yet indigenous, the resort offers unprecedented amenities, refined accommodations and exclusive services – all designed to provide our guests with a 5-star luxury experience while visiting Waikiki. From exquisite accommodations in the landmark Historic Wing and the magnificent Mailani Tower to world-class dining, the 528-room Honolulu luxury hotel embodies the allure of Hawaii's inimitable spirit and rich culture. Embark on an enticing epicurean journey in our award-winning Azure Restaurant, the original Mai Tai Bar, the Royal Hawaiian Bakery and A Royal Hawaiian Luau – Aha Aina, Waikiki’s only oceanfront luau. The intimate Malulani Pool and private beach area both feature pink-hued umbrellas, matching the resort's signature color. Let Hawaii reframe your point of view from our iconic Waikiki luxury resort. C$ 708 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach 8.9 Excellent 383 Kalaimoku Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Discover Waikiki most distinctive luxury resort with ocean views from every corner at The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach. Oahu first Ritz-Carlton property features 552 stylishly-appointed guest rooms and suites in two towers, all of which are ocean facing, providing you with an unparalleled view of the Pacific. With 246 suites, the resort boasts the largest number of hotel luxury suites on the island.Guests can discover a vast array of distinctive experiences along with legendary Ritz-Carlton service. Amenities include the highest infinity pools in Waikiki with private cabanas, and a premier fitness center, and The Ritz-Carlton Spa which offers customized treatments highlighting the traditional healing methods of the islands.Adding to the enjoyment is a fine selection of dining experiences that are both creative in taste and presentation, ensuring an adventure for the senses, including a sushi legend from Japan, modern French cuisine, and a global high-end gourmet market. C$ 803 Avg. per night View Deals The Kahala Hotel & Resort 9.0 Excellent 5000 Kahala Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map With a stay at The Kahala Hotel & Resort in Honolulu (Eastern Honolulu), you'll be a 3-minute drive from Kahala Mall and 8 minutes from Honolulu Zoo. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Honolulu? This resort has facilities measuring 13000 square feet (1208 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 804 Avg. per night View Deals Alohilani Resort Waikiki Beach 8.1 Excellent 2490 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map Situated in Waikiki, ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is a short walk from Kuhio Beach Park and offers free Wi-Fi and a saltwater swimming pool. There is also a gym with cardiovascular equipment, outdoor tennis courts and an infinity pool. Offering views of Diamond Head, the hotel is a convenient base for those looking to discover local attractions in Honolulu. For those travelling with children ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH offers supervised child care/activities, a kids pool and a kids club. The rooms are air conditioned and offer a refrigerator, a private balcony and a coffee maker. Each have an in-room safe, a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom with a hair dryer. In-house dining options include a restaurant, which is a convenient place to have a meal. Each evening, guests can relax in the comfortable lounge bar. A choice of dining options are also found close by. ALOHILANI RESORT WAIKIKI BEACH is within walking distance of Honolulu Zoo, Waikiki Shell and Royal Hawaiian Center. The helpful staff at the tour desk are available to book tours and sightseeing trips in Honolulu. C$ 428 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Honolulu Hotels closest to Vive Hotel Waikiki Pacific Monarch 7.8 Good 2427 Kuhio Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Set in Waikiki, this resort is within easy walking distance of Kuhio Beach Park, Royal Hawaiian Center and International Market Place. It also offers a swimming pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 256 Avg. per night View Deals Stay Hotel Waikiki 6.4 Good 2424 Koa Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This Waikiki hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to Kuhio Beach Park and Royal Hawaiian Center. Just a short walk from Waikiki Beach, it offers modern rooms equipped with a refrigerator, an iPod docking station and a private bathroom. C$ 201 Avg. per night View Deals Ohana Waikiki East By Outrigger 7.9 Good 150 Kaiulani Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Waikiki, this hotel is just a short stroll from Kuhio Beach Park, Waikiki Beach and Royal Hawaiian Center. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sun deck and an outdoor pool. C$ 222 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort and Spa 8.2 Excellent 2424 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Providing a private beach, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort & Spa is located in Honolulu and is a brief walk from Royal Hawaiian Center and Waikiki Beach. It has a spa, as well as a hair salon, massage services and a sauna. C$ 448 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Honolulu hotels Hostelling International Honolulu 8.8 Excellent 2323A Seaview Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.0 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Hostelling International Honolulu is situated in Honolulu and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sun deck, a library and a swimming pool. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals Polynesian Hostel Beach Club 7.9 Good 2584 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Set in Waikiki, this hostel is within a 10-minute walk of Honolulu Zoo. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Marina Tower Waikiki 1700 Ala Moana Boulevard, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Boasting a swimming pool, outdoor tennis courts and a saltwater swimming pool, Marina Tower Waikiki is situated in Honolulu and provides comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 111 Avg. per night View Deals Waikiki Beachside Hostel 2556 Lemon Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 5.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States This Waikiki hostel is located in an area popular with tourists and is about a 10-minute walk from Honolulu Zoo. It also offers bicycle rental, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. C$ 149 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Honolulu Recommended hotels Hyatt Centric Waikiki Beach 9.0 Excellent 349 Seaside Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Set in Waikiki, this luxury hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Spahalekulani and Waikiki Beach. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 371 Avg. per night View Deals Trump International Hotel Waikiki 9.3 Excellent 223 Saratoga Road, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.2 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Located in Waikiki, this luxury property is within a 10-minute walk of Royal Hawaiian Center and Mai Tai Bar at Royal Hawaiian Hotel. It also offers a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 529 Avg. per night View Deals Douglas Waikiki 2.8 Mediocre 2240 Kuhio Avenue, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Douglas Waikiki is set in Waikiki and is a short walk from Waikiki Beach and Spahalekulani. Some of the popular facilities at this 4-star property include outdoor tennis courts, an indoor pool and miniature golf. C$ 1,327 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach 8.9 Excellent 383 Kalaimoku Street, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, Honolulu, O'ahu, HI, United States Situated in Honolulu, The Ritz-Carlton Residences Waikiki Beach Hotel is within walking distance of Royal Hawaiian Center and provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. It is conveniently located for guests wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 803 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Vive Hotel Waikiki 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.5 GreatBased on 475 verified guest reviews 8.4Families 8.5Couples 8.1Friends 8.5Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date J 9.5 Excellent JUN*, Jun. 2017 nice location~ just small room Photos of Vive Hotel Waikiki All photos (48) Bedroom (11) Other (11) Lounge (6) Bathroom (4) Where is Vive Hotel Waikiki Most Popular Landmarks Kuhio Beach Park0.4 km Waikiki Beach0.5 km Honolulu Zoo0.9 km FAQs when booking at Vive Hotel Waikiki Is pricing at Vive Hotel Waikiki comparable to 3 star hotels in Honolulu? In Honolulu, the average nightly rate for 3 stars hotels is C$ 255. The expected nightly rate for Vive Hotel Waikiki is around C$ 298; a price that is 13% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Vive Hotel Waikiki to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 3 stars hotel in Honolulu. How close is Vive Hotel Waikiki to the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport? At just 11.8 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Honolulu Airport, to Vive Hotel Waikiki is 0h 09m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Honolulu Airport to Vive Hotel Waikiki? For the most freedom while visiting Honolulu, consider renting a car for about C$ 60/day and parking it at Vive Hotel Waikiki where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Honolulu Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Vive Hotel Waikiki from the Honolulu city center? The center of Waikiki, Honolulu, is just 1 km away from the front doors of Vive Hotel Waikiki. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Pearl Harbor, which you can get to from Vive Hotel Waikiki using any means of transportation. What is the Vive Hotel Waikiki phone number? You can reach the front desk of Vive Hotel Waikiki at +1 808 687 2000. Does Vive Hotel Waikiki have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Vive Hotel Waikiki has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Vive Hotel Waikiki? Vive Hotel Waikiki has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Vive Hotel Waikiki, Honolulu? On average, guests have been paying C$ 298 per night to stay at Vive Hotel Waikiki. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 169 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Vive Hotel Waikiki? There is a restaurant located in Vive Hotel Waikiki. Please contact them for kitchen hours. Does Vive Hotel Waikiki have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Vive Hotel Waikiki. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Vive Hotel Waikiki from Diamond Head State Monument? You can walk to Diamond Head State Monument while staying at Vive Hotel Waikiki - you’ll be about 2.5 km away. Is Vive Hotel Waikiki close to Fort DeRussy? If you want to see Fort DeRussy while visiting Honolulu, Vive Hotel Waikiki is just 1.1 km away. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Hawaii Hotels 29,488 O'ahu Hotels 6,667 Honolulu Hotels 4,656 Vive Hotel Waikiki Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
