https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Vivit_Hostel_Bangkok.htm
Vivit Hostel Bangkok, Bangkok | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Thailand Hotels 65,503 Central Thailand Hotels 13,554 Bangkok Hotels 7,902 Vivit Hostel Bangkok Vivit Hostel Bangkok Hostel 510 Tanao Road, Bangkok, Thailand ExcellentBased on 1 review 10.0 C$ 44 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Vivit Hostel Bangkok Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Vivit Hostel Bangkok Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 3-star hostel makes for an excellent base in Bangkok. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. Vivit Hostel Bangkok features an al... More Good to Know To Downtown 3.7 km Rating 10.0 Policies Check-in time 2:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +66 2 224 5888 All policies Amenities at Vivit Hostel Bangkok Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Enhanced cleaning Complimentary breakfast Bar/Lounge Breakfast included Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Laundry facilities Elevator Garden Air-conditioned 24hr front desk Free toiletries Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Storage available Show more Services Ticket service Contactless check-in/check-out Daily housekeeping All amenities Hotels Similar to Vivit Hostel Bangkok Top Bangkok hotels Aetas Lumpini 1030/4 Rama 4 Road, Tungmahamek, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map Situated in Bangkok, AETAS Lumpini is within walking distance of Suan Lum Night Bazaar and offers a sauna and a saltwater swimming pool. Some of the facilities provided at this trendy 5-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. AETAS Lumpini provides a garden to unwind in, as well as free public parking on site. For a fast and effortless check-in and departure experience, guests can take advantage of the express check-in/check-out kiosk. The air-conditioned rooms overlook the city and are fitted with modern luxuries including slippers and rain showers. Each provide a mini bar, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with bathrobes. Those staying at AETAS Lumpini can enjoy a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, ideally situated for those who want to stay close at mealtime. Each evening, guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the cosy lounge bar. A varied buffet breakfast is provided daily. Bangkok's well-known attractions and landmarks are within close proximity to AETAS Lumpini, with Lumpinee Boxing Stadium only a brief walk away. Lumphini Park is a short stroll away. C$ 100 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21 8.7 Excellent 2, Sukhumvit Soi 19 (Wattana), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Grande Centre Point Hotel Terminal 21, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, steps from Terminal 21 Shopping Mall and within a 10-minute walk of Embassy of Argentina. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 145 Avg. per night View Deals The Sukosol Hotel Bangkok 8.3 Excellent 477 Si Ayuthaya Road Phayathai, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map A beautiful haven in one of the world's most dynamic cities, The Sukosol enchants guests with its distinctly artistic style and signature Thai service. Recently renovated and rebranded, explore our hotel and discover a unique Bangkok experience. C$ 88 Avg. per night View Deals Metropole Bangkok 7.7 Good Thonglor, New Petchaburi Road 2802, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map With a stay at Metropole Bangkok in Bangkok (Sukhumvit), you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Victory Monument and Terminal 21 Shopping Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Bangkok Hotels closest to Vivit Hostel Bangkok D&D Inn Khaosan 6.9 Good 68-70 Khaosan Road, Pranakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Centrally located, D&D Inn Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's main tourist and retail hot spots. It also provides a beauty centre, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Styles Bangkok Khaosan Viengtai 9.7 Excellent 42 Rambuttri Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Situated in the city centre, Ibis Styles Bangkok Khaosan Viengtai provides easy access to Bangkok's main retail areas and tourist attractions. In addition to free private parking on site, the hotel features stylish 3-star rooms and a bar. C$ 112 Avg. per night View Deals Khaosan Green House Hotel 84 Thanon Rambuttri Talad Yod, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Centrally located, Khaosan Green House Hotel allows for easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Bed Station Hostel Khaosan 8.6 Excellent 80 Soi Tanee, Tanee Road, Kwang Talard Yord, Khet Phra Nakorn, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Centrally located, BED STATION Hostel Khaosan offers easy access to Bangkok's popular shopping and sightseeing areas. It also provides a games room, an outdoor pool and a tour desk. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Bangkok hotels Nappark Hostel @Khao San 8.5 Excellent 5 Thanon Tanee, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Centrally located, Nappark Hostel @Khao San offers easy access to Bangkok's popular retail areas and tourist attractions. Guests can also make the most of free internet in all areas. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Yoo Yen Pen Sook Hostel 8.9 Excellent 1639/34 Phahonyothin Soi 15, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated just a brief stroll from Saphan Khwai BTS Skytrain Station, Yoo Yen Pen Sook offers guests a convenient base while visiting Bangkok. Guests can also enjoy free internet throughout the property. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Sabye Club Hostel 392/1 Soi Wat Tri Thotsa Thep, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Conveniently located, Sabye Club Hostel allows for easy access to Bangkok's best hot spots. Those staying at the property can also make use of free wireless internet. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Urby 9.2 Excellent 1222/1 Song Wat Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 3.5 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Hostel Urby provides a comfortable setting when in Bangkok. Those staying at the property can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Bangkok Recommended hotels Ad Lib 8.8 Excellent 230/5 Sukhumvit Soi 1, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 2.6 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located under a 10-minute stroll from BTS Phloen Chit Station, Ad Lib offers guests an ideal base while visiting Bangkok. There is also a fitness centre with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 8.8 Excellent 300 Sukhumvit Soi 55 (Thonglor), Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Grande Centre Point Sukhumvit 55 Thong Lo is set in Bangkok and is close to nearby sightseeing spots, such as Khlong Tan Nuea. Guests also have exclusive access to the on-site Let’s Relax Spa and The Fit Club. C$ 103 Avg. per night View Deals Skyview Hotel Bangkok 8.6 Excellent 12 Sukhumvit 24, Klongton, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.2 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Located in Bangkok, SKYVIEW Hotel Bangkok is a short drive from Patpong and Chao Phraya River. In addition to free public parking on site, the hotel provides comfortable 5-star rooms and a bar. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Sukhumvit Park, Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments 8.9 Excellent 90 Sukhumvit Soi 24, Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Bangkok, Thailand Situated in Bangkok, Sukhumvit Park Bangkok - Marriott Executive Apartments provides trendy accommodation with impressive city views. Some of the features on offer at this modern 5-star property include a Jacuzzi, miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 188 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Vivit Hostel Bangkok 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 10.0 ExcellentBased on 1 verified guest review Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Vivit Hostel Bangkok All photos (28) Other (7) Bedroom (4) Lounge (3) Bathroom (2) Where is Vivit Hostel Bangkok Most Popular Landmarks Thanon Khao San0.7 km Grand Palace0.8 km Gateway Ekamai Mall10.1 km Rajamangala Stadium13.4 km MBK Center3.5 km Siam Square3.9 km Getting Around Bangkok Any Hotel0.7 km Bangkok Krung Siam Tour0.7 km Bangkok Giant Ibis - Bangkok0.9 km Bangkok Virak Buntham - Bangkok - Khao San0.9 km Bangkok Thai Sriram - Bangkok0.9 km Bangkok Silpakorn0.9 km FAQs when booking at Vivit Hostel Bangkok How close is Vivit Hostel Bangkok to the nearest airport, Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 21.3 km drive between Vivit Hostel Bangkok and Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 16m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport to Vivit Hostel Bangkok? Vivit Hostel Bangkok has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Bangkok, renting a car for around C$ 52/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Bangkok Don Mueang Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Vivit Hostel Bangkok guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Bangkok. How close is Vivit Hostel Bangkok from the Bangkok city center? The center of Old Town, Bangkok, is just 0.2 km away from the front doors of Vivit Hostel Bangkok. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Rajamangala Stadium, which you can get to from Vivit Hostel Bangkok using any means of transportation. What is the Vivit Hostel Bangkok phone number? You can reach the front desk of Vivit Hostel Bangkok at +66 2 224 5888. Does Vivit Hostel Bangkok have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Vivit Hostel Bangkok has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Vivit Hostel Bangkok? Vivit Hostel Bangkok has a normal check-in time of after 2:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. Does Vivit Hostel Bangkok have a laundry service? Vivit Hostel Bangkok does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Home Thailand Hotels 65,503 Central Thailand Hotels 13,554 Bangkok Hotels 7,902 Vivit Hostel Bangkok Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
