https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/W_Barcelona.htm
W Barcelona, Barcelona | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Catalonia Hotels 53,276 Barcelona Hotels 13,955 Barcelona Hotels 7,680 W Barcelona W Barcelona Hotel Plaça Rosa Dels Vents, 1, Barcelona, Spain ExcellentBased on 4,364 reviews 8.4 C$ 383 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for W Barcelona Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About W Barcelona Boasting a rooftop bar and infinity pool, W Barcelona offers luxury beachfront accommodation within distinctive contemporary architecture, as well as impressive panoramic views of the sea and the city... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.0 km Rating 8.4 Nearest airport Barcelona-El Prat Distance to airport 11.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +34 932 952 800 All policies Amenities at W Barcelona Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Electric kettle Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Infinity pool Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Indoor pool Outdoor pool CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Plunge pool Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Night club Storage available Spa and wellness centre Radio Beachfront Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Beach towels Linens Towels Safety deposit box Sea view EV charging station Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Adapter Slippers First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Enhanced cleaning Solarium Soundproof rooms Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Telephone Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Sauna City view Trash cans Coffee machine Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Evening entertainment Fitness centre Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa 24-hour security Airport shuttle (surcharge) Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to W Barcelona Top Barcelona hotels Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona Gl 8.6 Excellent Passeig de Gracia, 68, Barcelona, Spain Show on map With a stay at Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona, you'll be centrally located in Barcelona, steps from Passeig de Gracia and 3 minutes by foot from Casa Batllo. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 301 Avg. per night View Deals Meliá Barcelona Sarrià 8.2 Excellent Avenida De Sarria 50, Barcelona, Spain Show on map The Meliá Barcelona Sarrià is a luxury city hotel with a strategic location in the financial, cultural and commercial heart of the city of Barcelona. Only 140 metres from Avenida Diagonal, 1.7km from Paseo de Gracia and 2.4km from the FC Barcelona Camp Nou stadium, it is the perfect option for business trips, cultural visits and shopping. Near the stops for the tourist bus, the hotel is also located in one of the city’s main cultural and entertainment districts. DISCOVER THE AUTHENTIC BARCELONA Enjoy a relaxed walk through the oldest streets of Gaudí´s City, while you discover fashionable restaurants and bar, the main shopping routes and the famous Illa de Barcelona, where you will find the most exclusive national and international brands. Meliá Barcelona Sarrià was the official headquarters and sponsor of the prestigious Conde Godó Tennis Open. There is no better way to get to know Barcelona than staying at the hotels in Barcelona of the Meliá brand. Book your hotel in Barcelona now! C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Alma Barcelona Gl 9.2 Excellent Mallorca, 269-271, Barcelona, Spain Show on map With a stay at Alma Barcelona GL, you'll be centrally located in Barcelona, steps from Passeig de Gracia and 2 minutes by foot from Casa Mila. Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Planning an event in Barcelona? This hotel has facilities measuring 800 square feet (74 square meters), including a meeting room. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a cruise ship terminal shuttle. C$ 435 Avg. per night View Deals Eurostars Bcn Design 5 Paseo De Gracia 29-31, Barcelona, Spain Show on map Located in Eixample, this luxury hotel is steps from Casa Amatller, Passeig de Gracia, and Casa Batllo. Placa de Catalunya and Casa Mila are also within 10 minutes. Passeig de Gracia Station and Barcelona Paseo de Gracia Station are within a 5-minute walk. C$ 171 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Barcelona Hotels closest to W Barcelona Eurostars Grand Marina 8.1 Excellent Moll De Barcelona S/n, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.8 km from current hotel Boasting exclusive views of Port Vell, Eurostars Grand Marina is set in the heart of Barcelona and offers a rooftop terrace, a sauna and a rooftop pool. It has free wireless internet, a bar and is moments from Port Vell Aerial Tramway. C$ 189 Avg. per night View Deals Hesperia Barri Gòtic 8.0 Excellent Ample 31, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.6 km from current hotel Conveniently located, Hesperia Barcelona Barri Gotic offers easy access to Barcelona's popular tourist attractions. Those staying at the property have access to a swimming pool and a hair salon. C$ 95 Avg. per night View Deals Grums Hotel & Spa 8.2 Excellent C/ Palaudaries, 26, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.6 km from current hotel GRUMS HOTEL & SPA provides an elegant setting while in Barcelona. It also offers a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 116 Avg. per night View Deals Ikonik Ramblas 8.4 Excellent Las Ramblas 22-24, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.6 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Ikonik Ramblas allows for easy access to Barcelona's popular hot spots. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Barcelona hotels InOut Hostel Barcelona 7.6 Good Major Del Rectoret 2, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 7.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Inout is situated amongst Barcelona's well-known nightlife destinations, just a brief stroll from Baixador de Vallvidrera Metro Station. This unique hostel is a convenient base for discovering the local vineyards as it is located in Catalunya. C$ 21 Avg. per night View Deals Fabrizzio's Petit 9.0 Excellent Calle Bruc 65, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Located within a 10-minute walk of Passeig de Gracia Train Station, Fabrizzio's Petit is a convenient base while in Barcelona. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Unite Hostel Barcelona 8.3 Excellent Av. D'Icària, 145-147, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Unite Hostel Barcelona provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Barcelona. It is conveniently located for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Hostal Paraiso 7.6 Good Ronda De Sant Pau, 55-57, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Hostal Paraiso Barcelona is located amongst Barcelona's popular restaurants and eateries, just a brief walk from Sant Antoni Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Barcelona Recommended hotels NH Collection Barcelona Pódium 8.6 Excellent Bailen 4-6, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain NH Collection Barcelona Podium is ideally situated in Barcelona, and features a rooftop terrace, a rooftop pool and a sauna. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Casa Fuster 8.8 Excellent Passeig De Gràcia, 132, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Offering a restaurant, bar and outdoor swimming pool, Casa Fuster Hotel is just a five-minute stroll from Diagonal Metro Station. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a rooftop terrace, ensure a satisfying stay in Barcelona. C$ 273 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel El Palace Barcelona 9.4 Excellent Gran Via De Les Corts Catalanes 668, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Conveniently located, Hotel El Palace Barcelona offers easy access to Barcelona's best hot spots. It features free Wi-Fi, a fitness centre and a swimming pool, and is within a 10-minute walk of Placa de Catalunya. C$ 341 Avg. per night View Deals Mercer House Boria Bcn 8.1 Excellent Carrer De Boria 24-26, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Situated in the city centre, Mercer House Boria BCN offers easy access to Barcelona's main retail and sightseeing areas. Featuring views of Barcelona Cathedral and Port Vell, it also provides a wide range of facilities, such as bicycle rental, a 24-hour reception and a rooftop terrace. C$ 265 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for W Barcelona 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.4 GreatBased on 4,371 verified guest reviews 8.4Friends 8.3Solo 8.1Families 8.5Couples Traveller type: Friends Solo Families Couples Sort by: Date A 10.0 Excellent Amit , Jan. 2019 A magical hotel. Spacious room and a rare view to the sea and the city. The location is really great for quiet and quiet and still close to the center. Atmosphere The meals and service of the hotel staff are commendable. We will be happy to return to the W Barcelona Hotel again :) Photos of W Barcelona All photos (58) Bedroom (15) Pool (7) Living room (6) Restaurant (4) Where is W Barcelona Most Popular Landmarks L’Aquàrium1.0 km Playa de la Barceloneta1.1 km Palau Guell1.7 km Sant Pau del Camp1.9 km La Rambla2.1 km Cathedral of Barcelona2.1 km Getting Around Barcelona Muelle De San Beltran1.1 km Barcelona Puerto Maritimo1.5 km Barcelona Paral·lel1.8 km Barcelona França1.8 km Barcelona Torre Barò10.3 km Barcelona Bruxelles-Delta1063.7 km FAQs when booking at W Barcelona Is pricing at W Barcelona comparable to 5 star hotels in Barcelona? In Barcelona, the average nightly rate for 5 stars hotels is C$ 422. The expected nightly rate for W Barcelona is around C$ 526; a price that is 7% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers W Barcelona to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 5 stars hotel in Barcelona. How close is W Barcelona to the nearest airport, Barcelona-El Prat Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Barcelona-El Prat Airport, and W Barcelona is 11.9 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 09m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to W Barcelona? For the most freedom while visiting Barcelona, consider renting a car for about C$ 15/day and parking it at W Barcelona where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Barcelona-El Prat Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is W Barcelona considered pet-friendly? Yes, dogs and most pets in general are allowed at W Barcelona. Is there a pool at W Barcelona? Yes. Many people visiting Barcelona look for a hotel with a pool. W Barcelona has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is W Barcelona from the Barcelona city center? W Barcelona is 1.3 km away from the center of La Barceloneta, Barcelona. Consider visiting Sagrada Familia, a popular landmark that can be accessed from W Barcelona by various forms of transportation. What is the W Barcelona phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +34 932 952 800. Does W Barcelona have Wi-Fi available? Yes, W Barcelona has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at W Barcelona? W Barcelona does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at W Barcelona? W Barcelona has a normal check-in time of after 3:00 PM, and check-out time of before 12:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at W Barcelona, Barcelona? W Barcelona room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 526/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 276/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Is there a restaurant at W Barcelona? There is an on-site restaurant - contact W Barcelona for opening and last order times. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does W Barcelona have a laundry service? W Barcelona does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is W Barcelona from Placa d'Espanya? W Barcelona is a good place to stay to see Placa d'Espanya. It’s 3.5 km away. Is W Barcelona close to Passeig de Gracia? Walking distance - there’s 3.5 km between Passeig de Gracia and W Barcelona. Home Spain Hotels 320,864 Catalonia Hotels 53,276 Barcelona Hotels 13,955 Barcelona Hotels 7,680 W Barcelona Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
