https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/W_Boston.htm
W Boston, Boston | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 W Boston W Boston Hotel 100 Stuart Street, Boston, MA, United States ExcellentBased on 364 reviews 8.5 C$ 348 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for W Boston Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About W Boston Located a short walk from Herald Street MBTA Subway Station, W Boston is a convenient base when visiting Boston. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. This 4-star hotel offers valet... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.2 km Rating 8.5 Nearest airport Boston Logan Intl Distance to airport 5.0 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 617 261 8700 All policies Amenities at W Boston Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Wine glasses ATM on-site Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Room service Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Night club Storage available Private parking Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Minibar Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Adapter Additional bathroom Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Body soap Bottle of water Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Toilet Toilet paper Safe Trash cans Coffee machine TV Conditioner Valet parking Desk Dining area Dining table Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Tour desk Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to W Boston Top Boston hotels The Ritz-Carlton Boston 8.5 Excellent 10 Avery Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map Perfectly located in the center of the city and only minutes from the financial district, theater district and the Freedom Trail, The Ritz-Carlton, Boston is a luxury hotel in Boston, Massachusetts. In 2017, the hotel's 193 guest rooms and suites, public space, and meeting rooms underwent a $13 million redesign, creating a contemporary, luxurious environment. The guestroom redesign offers a modern approach to luxury with a personalized relax, work, and sleep experience. Artisan Bistro and Avery Bar, the hotel’s restaurant and lounge, take an artisanal approach to creating locally inspired fare and hand-crafted cocktails. C$ 1,000 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental Boston 8.0 Excellent 776 Boylston Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map A stay at Mandarin Oriental Boston places you in the heart of Boston, steps from Newbury Street and Prudential Tower. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Boston? This hotel has facilities measuring 10000 square feet (929 square meters), including a meeting room. C$ 862 Avg. per night View Deals The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston 8.3 Excellent 215 Charles Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston blends history, sophistication and hometown warmth—the ideal place for a quintessentially Boston experience. Located at the foot of Beacon Hill, our hotel is steps away from outdoor fun on the Esplanade and posh shopping along Charles Street. A national historic landmark and architectural gem built in 1851, this refined 298-room hotel originated as the storied Charles Street Jail. Today, our prominent location showcases sweeping views of the Boston city skyline and the Charles River, along with five distinct food and beverage venues and 14,000 square feet of meeting space. Reserve your stay at The Liberty Hotel and delight in our rich history, unique architecture and a team of passionate New England natives, ready to create an unrivaled guest experience in Boston, MA. C$ 470 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map With the magnificent backdrop of Fort Point Channel, immerse yourself in luxury at InterContinental® Boston. Located in downtown Boston, our AAA Four Diamond hotel offers exquisite, renovated rooms and suites with sweeping views. Journey through history at the US Constitution and the Boston Tea Party and Ships Museums, Faneuil Hall, and the Freedom Trail. With views of the Boston Harbor, host your event in our sophisticated venue and revel at the beauty of Boston’s nature and rich heritage. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Boston Hotels closest to W Boston Courtyard by Marriott Boston Downtown 7.8 Good 275 Tremont Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located under a 10-minute stroll from Herald Street MBTA Subway Station, Courtyard Boston Downtown offers guests a convenient base when visiting Boston. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals Found Hotel Boston Common 7.8 Good 78 Charles Street South, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This Boston hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 67 Avg. per night View Deals Revere Hotel Boston Common 8.2 Excellent 200 Stuart Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel A 10-minute walk from Herald Street MBTA Subway Station, Revere Hotel Boston Common has an accessible location, making it an ideal base while visiting Boston. It also features an indoor pool, a rooftop terrace and a gym. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Boston Hostel 8.3 Excellent 19 Stuart St., Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel HI - Boston Hostel provides modern accommodation in Boston and is within walking distance of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Boston hotels Boston Homestel 7.1 Good 36 Moseley Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located in Boston, the hostel is within easy reach of Back Bay and Port of Boston. It also provides a shared kitchen. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals The Farrington Inn 6.3 Good 23 Farrington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States The Farrington Inn is set in Boston and is within a 10-minute walk of Harvard Avenue MBTA Subway Station. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel 140 140 Clarendon Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Steps from Back Bay, Hotel 140 is located in Boston and offers comfortable accommodation. It is moments from Copley Square, restaurants and nightlife options. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals Ramada by Wyndham Boston 6.6 Good 800 Morrissey Boulevard, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Situated in Boston, the hotel is an easy drive from Port of Boston and offers disabled parking. There is also a gym with a saltwater swimming pool. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Boston Recommended hotels Perkins Inn 32 Perkins Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Situated within walking distance of Back of the Hill MBTA Subway Station, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to explore Boston and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Set in the centre of Boston, InterContinental Boston is situated near South Station, and provides easy access to local dining and nightlife options. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as an indoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sauna. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals Newbury Guest House 8.9 Excellent 261 Newbury Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Newbury Guest House provides charming 3-star accommodation in Boston. It is close to Newbury Street, dining options and shops. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals Seaport Boston Hotel 8.9 Excellent 1 Seaport Lane, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.0 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Seaport Boston Hotel provides contemporary accommodation in Boston and is within a 10-minute walk of Silver Line Way Bus Station. Some of the popular features at this 4-star hotel include free Wi-Fi and an indoor pool. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for W Boston 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.5 GreatBased on 364 verified guest reviews 8.4Friends 8.4Families 8.8Couples 8.2Solo Traveller type: Friends Families Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of W Boston All photos (54) Bedroom (25) Bathroom (10) Living room (6) Building (3) Where is W Boston Most Popular Landmarks Boston Common0.4 km Copley Place1.2 km Quincy Market1.3 km Faneuil Hall Marketplace1.3 km Prudential Center1.5 km TD Garden1.7 km Getting Around Boston Park Plaza0.2 km Boston 84 Harrison Ave0.3 km Boston 262 Harrison Ave0.4 km Boston 85 Bedford St0.5 km Boston South Station0.8 km Boston State House0.8 km FAQs when booking at W Boston How close is W Boston to the nearest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport, and W Boston is 5 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 03m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Boston Logan Intl Airport to W Boston? W Boston has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Boston, renting a car for around C$ 60/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Boston Logan Intl Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for W Boston guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Boston. Is W Boston considered pet-friendly? W Boston welcomes most household pets. How close is W Boston from the Boston city center? W Boston is just 0.3 km away from the center of Bay Village, Boston. From W Boston you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Museum of Fine Arts. What is the W Boston phone number? You can reach the front desk of W Boston at +1 617 261 8700. Does W Boston have Wi-Fi available? Yes, W Boston has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at W Boston? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at W Boston. What is the check-out time at W Boston? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at W Boston. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at W Boston, Boston? Usually W Boston room prices are around C$ 364/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 234/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at W Boston? There is an on-site restaurant - contact W Boston for opening and last order times. There is also a bar and lounge area in the hotel. Does W Boston have a laundry service? W Boston does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. There are irons (and ironing boards) at the property too. How far is W Boston from Museum of Science? W Boston is about 1.9 km from Museum of Science, one of Boston’s most popular landmarks. Is W Boston close to New England Aquarium? The distance from W Boston to New England Aquarium is 1.6 km. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 W Boston Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
