https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/W_Los_Angeles_West_Beverly_Hills.htm
W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills, Los Angeles | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills Hotel 930 Hilgard Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States GoodBased on 130 reviews 7.4 C$ 364 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills is ideal for guests wishing to discover Los Angeles and its surroundings.... More Good to Know To Downtown 11.6 km Rating 7.4 Nearest airport Los Angeles Distance to airport 13.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 310 208 8765 All policies Amenities at W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Safety deposit box Cribs available EV charging station Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Room service Heating Iron and ironing board Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Outdoor pool Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Sauna Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Bathrobe Garden 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking DVD player Show more Activities Massage Beach access Bicycle rental Fitness centre Tennis Services Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa Airport shuttle (surcharge) Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills Top Los Angeles hotels Hotel Bel-Air - Dorchester Collection 9.0 Excellent 701 Stone Canyon Road, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map A hidden sanctuary amongst the wooded hills, untouched by the clamour of life beyond the gates of Bel-Air. The most quintessentially private and exclusive hotel, delivering low-key elegance since 1946. C$ 1,567 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map When you stay at The Peninsula Beverly Hills in Beverly Hills, you'll be in the business district, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and University of California, Los Angeles. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, limo/town car service, and a computer station. Planning an event in Beverly Hills? This hotel has facilities measuring 14004 square feet (1301 square meters), including a conference center. For a surcharge, guests may use a roundtrip airport shuttle (available 24 hours) and a train station pick-up service. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals Mr C Beverly Hills 7.4 Good 1224 Beverwil Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map With a stay at Mr. C Beverly Hills, you'll be centrally located in Los Angeles, within a 5-minute drive of Rodeo Drive and Petersen Automotive Museum. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and limo/town car service. Planning an event in Los Angeles? This hotel has facilities measuring 5000 square feet (465 square meters), including conference space. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 434 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Per La 8.9 Excellent 649 South Olive Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map Located in the center of Downtown, Per LA is a hotel inspired by the building in which it’s housed. Originally the Bank of Italy, a historic 12-story building on the corner of Olive and 7th Street, the space is a symbol of inclusion and accomplishment. All rooms feature original artwork from a Paris-based design studio and are dressed in custom-designed furnishings and luxury linens. Many include standalone pedestal bathtubs and separate rooms for wash closets. Rooms also include desks, a fully stocked mini-bar, toiletries, and bathrobes. Guests can utilize the 24-hour fitness or lounge in the rooftop pool and bar. From the rooftop, guests can take in panoramic views of downtown Los Angeles or enjoy a cup of coffee from the outdoor cafe. There is a 24-hour front desk and valet parking at the property. The Grove is 6 mi from the hotel, while TCL Chinese Theater is 6.2 mi away. Walt Disney Concert Hall is 0.7 mi away. The nearest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, 11 mi from the property. C$ 367 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Los Angeles Hotels closest to W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills Plaza la Reina 8.8 Excellent 10850 Lindbrook Drive, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Plaza la Reina provides a comfortable setting when in Los Angeles. It is close to Westwood Memorial Park, eateries and shops. C$ 403 Avg. per night View Deals Luxe Sunset Boulevard Hotel 7.5 Good 11461 Sunset Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.7 km from current hotel Located in Los Angeles, Luxe Sunset Boulevard Hotel is an easy drive from the J. Paul Getty Museum and Universal Studios Hollywood. It has a gym, as well as an outdoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and massage services. C$ 300 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Angeleno 7.9 Good 170 North Church Lane, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.7 km from current hotel Offering views of Los Angeles, guests of Hotel Angeleno can expect luxury amenities including a limousine service. This modern property is conveniently situated in Westside. C$ 202 Avg. per night View Deals The Peninsula Beverly Hills 9.3 Excellent 9882 South Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.8 km from current hotel Stylish and luxurious, The Peninsula Beverly Hills is located in Los Angeles and features outdoor tennis courts, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop pool. It also offers a sauna, a rooftop terrace and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 1,301 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Los Angeles hotels Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Wilshire Vermont Metro Station, Los Angeles Hollywood Apartments provides guests with an ideal base while visiting Los Angeles. It also offers free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 16 Avg. per night View Deals Monsoon Family Inc 2821 San Marino Street, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Monsoon Family INC is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers luggage storage and a safe, and is a brief walk from Hotel Chancellor. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Venice Beach 7.8 Good 25 Windward Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 16.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Venice Beach is situated in Los Angeles and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is a stone's throw from Venice Beach and is near the area's popular attractions and dining spots. C$ 43 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Hollywood 7.7 Good 6820 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.8 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Samesun Hollywood is set amongst Los Angeles's well-known attractions and landmarks, just a short stroll from Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a football field. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Los Angeles Recommended hotels Lexen Hotel Hollywood Walk Of Fame 7.4 Good 2018 North Highland Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - Hollywood is set in Los Angeles and is within a 10-minute walk of Hollywood/Highland Metro Station. It also provides free Wi-Fi, valet parking and luggage storage. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios 8.6 Excellent 5268 North Tujunga Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 13.9 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Lexen Hotel - North Hollywood Near Universal Studios provides a comfortable setting while in Los Angeles. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 245 Avg. per night View Deals Hollywood Celebrity Hotel 8.6 Excellent 1775 Orchid Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States This affordable hotel is located in Hollywood, only a five-minute walk from Hollywood and Highland Center. It also features free Wi-Fi and a gym. C$ 232 Avg. per night View Deals Dream Hollywood 8.1 Excellent 6417 Selma Avenue, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Situated under a 10-minute walk from Hollywood/Vine Metro Station, Dream Hollywood provides guests with an ideal base when in Los Angeles. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a swimming pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 361 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.4 GoodBased on 130 verified guest reviews 7.6Families 7.8Solo 5.4Friends 7.4Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills All photos (56) Bedroom (8) Lounge (8) Bathroom (7) Conference room (6) Where is W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills Most Popular Landmarks Hollywood Walk of Fame10.3 km Hollywood Boulevard10.8 km Hollywood and Vine11.4 km California Science Center15.2 km STAPLES Center16.2 km L.A. Live16.3 km Getting Around Los Angeles Westwood-UCLA, California0.9 km Los Angeles 592 Gayley Ave0.9 km Los Angeles Westwood Amtrak0.9 km Los Angeles Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel10.1 km Los Angeles Hilton Garden Inn10.7 km Los Angeles Hollywood Usa Hostel10.9 km FAQs when booking at W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills Is pricing at W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills comparable to 4 star hotels in Los Angeles? There is a 20% difference in the average nightly rate of 4 stars hotels in Los Angeles and the average nightly rate at W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills. The rate at W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills is just C$ 445/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Los Angeles. How close is W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills to the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport? With a distance of 13.8 km between W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills and the nearest airport, Los Angeles Airport, the drive typically takes about 0h 10m depending on traffic. Be sure to check traffic trends near the hotel and airport as some areas experience higher traffic than others and can increase your expected travel time. What is the best way for guests to get from Los Angeles Airport to W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills? Getting from Los Angeles Airport to W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 27/day in Los Angeles. Luckily, W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Los Angeles Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills considered pet-friendly? Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills. Is there a pool at W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills? Yes, W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills from the Los Angeles city center? W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills is just 0.4 km away from the center of Westwood, Los Angeles. From W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Walt Disney Concert Hall. What is the W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 310 208 8765 to talk to a W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills front desk representative. Does W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills have Wi-Fi available? Yes, W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills? Yes, W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills? W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills, Los Angeles? On average, guests have been paying C$ 445 per night to stay at W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 261 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills? W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills does have a restaurant. If you’re more interested in drinking than eating, there’s a bar on-site too. Does W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 W Los Angeles - West Beverly Hills Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
