https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/W_New_York_Times_Square.htm
W New York - Times Square, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 W New York - Times Square W New York - Times Square Hotel 1567 Broadway at 47th Street, New York, NY, United States GoodBased on 946 reviews 7.8 C$ 373 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for W New York - Times Square Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About W New York - Times Square Located in Manhattan, this hotel is five minutes from Times Square. It is situated a short stroll from Rockefeller Center. This luxury hotel provides an express check-in and check-out feature... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.3 km Rating 7.8 Nearest airport New York LaGuardia Distance to airport 9.7 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 930 7400 All policies Amenities at W New York - Times Square Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Radio River view Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Cribs available Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Gift shop Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Minibar Free toiletries Shampoo Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Sofa Alarm clock Key card access Sofa bed CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Body soap Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe City view Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Bathrobe Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Services Conference rooms Wedding services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available 24-hour security Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to W New York - Times Square Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 328 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to W New York - Times Square Hotel Edison Times Square 7.4 Good 228 West 47th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel This art deco hotel is in Manhattan, only a five-minute walk to Times Square. It is close to the area's tourist attractions and is minutes on foot from Times Square 42nd Street New York City Subway. C$ 195 Avg. per night View Deals New York Marriott Marquis 8.2 Excellent 1535 Broadway, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Manhattan, New York Marriott Marquis boasts a revolving rooftop restaurant along with a huge gym that overlooks Times Square and New York City. Some of the facilities on offer at this modern 4-star hotel are free Wi-Fi and a rooftop terrace. C$ 429 Avg. per night View Deals Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan 7.9 Good 1605 Broadway, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Manhattan, this 4-star hotel is within easy walking distance of the New York City Center, the Radio City Music Hall and Rockefeller Center. Featuring views of Times Square, it also offers a multitude of facilities, such as a swimming pool, a sauna and an executive floor. C$ 244 Avg. per night View Deals OYO Times Square 6.8 Good 157 West 47th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in New York City, OYO Times Square offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to Times Square. It also provides free Wi-Fi, an all-inclusive meal plan and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 183 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for W New York - Times Square 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.8 GoodBased on 946 verified guest reviews 7.5Friends 7.6Solo 7.7Families 7.9Couples Traveller type: Friends Solo Families Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of W New York - Times Square All photos (59) Bedroom (11) Outdoors view (8) Bathroom (7) Living room (7) Where is W New York - Times Square Most Popular Landmarks Times Square0.0 km Broadway0.2 km Bryant Park0.8 km Carnegie Hall0.8 km Grand Central Terminal1.0 km Empire State Building1.2 km Getting Around New York McDonald's - 1651 Broadway0.4 km New York Port Authority0.5 km New York W 53rd St & 6th Ave0.6 km New York 375 W 42nd St0.6 km New York W 42 St Bryant Park0.7 km New York 201 West 37th St0.8 km FAQs when booking at W New York - Times Square Is pricing at W New York - Times Square comparable to 4 star hotels in New York? In New York, the average nightly rate for 4 stars hotels is C$ 461. The expected nightly rate for W New York - Times Square is around C$ 572; a price that is 8% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers W New York - Times Square to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 4 stars hotel in New York. How close is W New York - Times Square to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? The distance between the closest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, and W New York - Times Square is 21.9 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 17m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to W New York - Times Square? Getting from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to W New York - Times Square can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 50/day in New York. Luckily, W New York - Times Square has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is W New York - Times Square considered pet-friendly? Guests are allowed to bring house pets to W New York - Times Square during their stay. How close is W New York - Times Square from the New York city center? W New York - Times Square is 0.1 km away from the center of Manhattan, New York. Consider visiting Madison Square Garden, a popular landmark that can be accessed from W New York - Times Square by various forms of transportation. What is the W New York - Times Square phone number? For questions about W New York - Times Square and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 212 930 7400. Does W New York - Times Square have Wi-Fi available? Yes, W New York - Times Square has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at W New York - Times Square? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of W New York - Times Square. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at W New York - Times Square? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 4:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at W New York - Times Square, New York? Prices at W New York - Times Square will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 572, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 205. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at W New York - Times Square? There is a restaurant located in W New York - Times Square. Please contact them for kitchen hours. The hotel also has a bar. Does W New York - Times Square have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at W New York - Times Square, New York. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is W New York - Times Square from Rockefeller Center? W New York - Times Square is a good place to stay to see Rockefeller Center. It’s 0.5 km away. Is W New York - Times Square close to Times Square? The distance from W New York - Times Square to Times Square is 0 km. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 W New York - Times Square Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
