https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/Waikoloa_Village-vacation-rentals.htm
Waikoloa Village, Hawaii Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in Waikoloa Village, HI Search and compare Waikoloa Village, HI vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save Waikoloa Village, The Big Island, HI, United States 18 Nov — 19 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests Waikoloa Village, The Big Island, HI, United States Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Search ...and more Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 The Big Island Hotels 5,839 Kohala Coast Hotels 4,322 Waikoloa Village Hotels 1,065 Waikoloa Village Vacation Rentals 974 Tips for booking vacation rentals in Waikoloa Village Cheapest month: June Most expensive month: April Average price in Waikoloa Village: C$ 606/night Cheapest price found: C$ 258/night Cheapest day: Thursday Most expensive day: Monday C$ 259 - C$ 971 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 458 - C$ 831 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Cheapest vacation rentals in Waikoloa Village, Hawaii Show all 1,065 hotels Hali'i Kai at Waikoloa 2B Waikoloa Village, The Big Island, HI, United States Show on map 9.8 km from city centre, Waikoloa Village, The Big Island, HI, United States Boasting an outdoor pool, Hali'i Kai 2B by RedAwning is situated in Waikoloa and provides comfortable accommodation. It also offers a tour desk. C$ 482 Avg. per night View Deals Castle Halii Kai at Waikoloa 8.7 Excellent Waikoloa Village, The Big Island, HI, United States Show on map 9.8 km from city centre, Waikoloa Village, The Big Island, HI, United States Castle Halii Kai at Waikoloa is situated on The Big Island and offers 4-star accommodation in addition to a Jacuzzi. It also features an outdoor pool and a gym. C$ 518 Avg. per night View Deals Fairways at Mauna Lani 10.0 Excellent Waikoloa Village, The Big Island, HI, United States Show on map 7.0 km from city centre, Waikoloa Village, The Big Island, HI, United States Fairways at Mauna Lani is situated on The Big Island and offers 4-star facilities as well as free Wi-Fi. It also provides an outdoor pool, babysitting/child services and laundry facilities. C$ 731 Avg. per night View Deals Where to stay in Waikoloa Village Vacation rentals in popular Hawaii cities Honolulu Kahului Kailua-Kona Lahaina Lihue Kapolei Kīhei Kaanapali Hilo Waikoloa Village Show more Hotels in popular Hawaii cities Honolulu Kahului Kailua-Kona Lahaina Lihue Kapolei Kīhei Kaanapali Wahiawā Hilo Show more Facts about staying in Waikoloa Village How much does a vacation rental in Waikoloa Village cost? Waikoloa Village vacation rentals are C$ 607/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, October is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in Waikoloa Village, and June is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 259/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 529/night or less is still considered a good deal. What is the best Waikoloa Village vacation rental? Castle Halii Kai at Waikoloa has a 8.7 rating from 85 users, making it the best Waikoloa Village vacation rental based on our data. What’s the closest vacation rental to Waimea (Kamuela) Waimea Kohala Airport? It’s only 23.8 km from Waimea (Kamuela) Waimea Kohala Airport to Hali'i Kai at Waikoloa 2B (the nearest Waikoloa Village vacation rental to the airport). What’s the most popular vacation rental in Waikoloa Village near Hapuna Beach State Park? If you’re looking for a vacation rental close to Hapuna Beach State Park while in Waikoloa Village, then the most popular is Castle Halii Kai at Waikoloa with a 8.7/10 review score from 85 users. The distance from Hapuna Beach State Park to Castle Halii Kai at Waikoloa is 9.5 km. Are there any Resort vacation rentals in Waikoloa Village? Yes, there are 24 Resort vacation rentals in Waikoloa Village. According to our data, Hilton Grand Vacations Club Kohala Suites Waikoloa is currently the most popular Resort rental in the city. Home United States Hotels 933,855 Hawaii Hotels 29,480 The Big Island Hotels 5,839 Kohala Coast Hotels 4,322 Waikoloa Village Hotels 1,065 Waikoloa Village Vacation Rentals 974 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
