https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Waldorf_Astoria_Orlando.htm
Waldorf Astoria Orlando, Orlando | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Florida Hotels 209,062 Orlando Hotels 6,048 Waldorf Astoria Orlando Waldorf Astoria Orlando Hotel 14200 Bonnet Creek Resort Lane, Orlando, FL, United States ExcellentBased on 232 reviews 8.3 C$ 575 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Waldorf Astoria Orlando Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Waldorf Astoria Orlando Located in Orlando, Waldorf Astoria Orlando is an easy drive from Walt Disney World and provides private parking on site. It offers 5-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. Those stay... More Good to Know To Downtown 25.6 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Orlando Distance to airport 23.7 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 407 597 5500 All policies Amenities at Waldorf Astoria Orlando Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Family rooms Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Heated pool Room service Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Hot tub Outdoor pool Kids meals No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Kitchenette Steam room Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Linens Towels Safety deposit box EV charging station Seating area Elevator Shampoo Pool bar Shower Iron and ironing board Slippers First-aid kit Snack bar Socket near the bed Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Balcony Bathtub Spa bath Body soap Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Safe Sauna Trash cans Coffee machine TV Smartphone dock Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (drinks) Dining area Wardrobe or closet Water slide Show more Activities Game room Golf Evening entertainment Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Massage Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Face masks for guests available Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Shuttle service (additional charge) Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Waldorf Astoria Orlando Top Orlando hotels Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort 9.3 Excellent 10100 Dream Tree Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Resort Orlando at WALT DISNEY WORLD® Resort in Lake Buena Vista (Golden Oak), you'll be within a 10-minute drive of Disney Springs® Area and Disney Springs®. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Lake Buena Vista? This resort has facilities measuring 37750 square feet (3507 square meters), including conference space. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 1,787 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Orlando Grande Lakes 8.7 Excellent 4012 Central Florida Parkway, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map While the magic of America’s favorite playground entertains the imagination from morning to night, there is a resort in Orlando that delights it – by creating memories that stay vivid long after you leave this Florida oasis. Bordered by Shingle Creek, the Headwaters of the Everglades, The Ritz-Carlton Orlando, Grande Lakes envelops you into 500 acres of natural beauty, a luxurious retreat where you can surrender to the serenity of our relaxing spa, indulge in fine dining, or play 18 holes on our golf course, a Certified Audubon Cooperative Sanctuary. With exceptional amenities and impeccable service, one of the most breathtaking luxury hotels in Orlando is the perfect place to relax, meet or experience the wedding of your dreams, all while enjoying the quintessential all-American city. C$ 910 Avg. per night View Deals Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort 8.7 Excellent 6601 Adventure Way, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map With a stay at Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort in Orlando (Florida Center), you'll be within a 15-minute walk of Universal’s Volcano Bay and Universal’s Islands of Adventure. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Orlando? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 115,000 square feet (11 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 277 Avg. per night View Deals Wyndham Lake Buena Vista Resort Disney Springs Resort Area 8.2 Excellent 1850 Hotel Plaza Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map Located in Lake Buena Vista, Wyndham Lake Buena Vista Disney Springs® Resort Area is on a lake, a 2-minute drive from Disney Springs® and 7 minutes from Disney's Typhoon Lagoon Water Park. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Lake Buena Vista? This hotel has facilities measuring 25000 square feet (2323 square meters), including conference space. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Orlando Hotels closest to Waldorf Astoria Orlando Signia by Hilton Orlando Bonnet Creek 8.3 Excellent 14100 Bonnet Creek Resort Lane, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated in Orlando, the hotel is within a 30-minute drive of Orlando International Airport and provides a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool. It features a spa, as well as a kids club, a beauty centre and water slides. C$ 337 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark 6.8 Good 14500 Continental Gateway, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 2.4 km from current hotel Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark is located in International Drive and provides a range of premium amenities such as a free shuttle service and a Jacuzzi. The various amenities this modern resort features include an outdoor pool, a kids club and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Sheraton Vistana Resort Villas, Lake Buena Vista/Orlando 8.6 Excellent 8800 Vistana Centre Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 3.3 km from current hotel Sheraton Vistana Resort Villas Lake Buena Vista/Orlando is located in Orlando and is close to Walt Disney World Resort. In addition to free private parking on site, the property offers comfortable 4-star villas and a bar. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals Wyndham Lake Buena Vista Resort Disney Springs Resort Area 8.2 Excellent 1850 Hotel Plaza Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 3.3 km from current hotel Conveniently located in Walt Disney World Resort, Wyndham Lake Buena Vista Disney Springs Resort Area offers 4-star accommodation and a free shuttle to and from the theme parks. Close to shops and restaurants, the resort provides a convenient base while in Orlando. C$ 211 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Orlando hotels Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts 9956 Hawaiian Court, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 15.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in International Drive, Midpointe Hotel by Rosen Hotels & Resorts is a short walk to several local attractions, including SeaWorld Orlando. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel-Air Orlando 4.7 Okay 6119 South Orange Blossom Trail, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 8.0 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Hotel Bel-Air Orlando is situated in Orlando and features complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge by Wyndham Orlando / Heart of International Drive 5.4 Okay 7200 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.8 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in the popular hub of International Drive, Travelodge by Wyndham Orlando/ International Drive is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It also offers a swimming pool, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South 3.5 Mediocre 9435 Delegates Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Featuring an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, HomeTowne Studios Orlando South is located in Orlando and offers modern accommodation. It also provides a safe, a 24-hour reception and laundry facilities. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Orlando Recommended hotels Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort 9.1 Excellent 7301 West Sand Lake Road, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 13.7 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in Orlando, Drury Inn & Suites Orlando provides 3-star accommodation, as well as free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Orlando At Seaworld 8.7 Excellent 10771 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 16.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Holiday Inn Express & Suites - Orlando At Seaworld is situated in International Drive, just 15 minutes from Orlando International Airport. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Villas Resort By Diamond Resorts 8.9 Excellent 12118 Turtle Cay Circle, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 20.3 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Located in Orlando, Grande Villas Resort By Diamond Resorts is a short drive from SeaWorld Orlando and Universal Studios Florida. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, outdoor tennis courts and a Jacuzzi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort 9.3 Excellent 10100 Dream Tree Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 22.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort provides a luxury setting while in Orlando. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, outdoor tennis courts and a Jacuzzi. C$ 1,787 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Waldorf Astoria Orlando 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 232 verified guest reviews 7.5Friends 8.1Families 9.2Solo 8.4Couples Traveller type: Friends Families Solo Couples Sort by: Date M 9.0 Excellent michael.ogrady, Aug. 2018 Facilities of a high standard Photos of Waldorf Astoria Orlando All photos (60) Bedroom (14) Living room (10) Bathroom (8) Lobby (7) Where is Waldorf Astoria Orlando Most Popular Landmarks Aquatica10.3 km International Drive10.7 km Pointe Orlando10.8 km Arnold Palmer's Bay Hill Club & Lodge12.0 km Gatorland12.7 km Coco Key Water Resort12.8 km Getting Around Orlando Seaworld Hotels10.1 km Orlando International Drive Hotels11.7 km Orlando Icon Park™12.1 km Orlando McDonald's Parking12.4 km Orlando Baymont12.9 km Orlando Universal Studio Orlando Resort13.8 km FAQs when booking at Waldorf Astoria Orlando Is pricing at Waldorf Astoria Orlando comparable to 5 star hotels in Orlando? There is a 49% difference in the average nightly rate of 5 stars hotels in Orlando and the average nightly rate at Waldorf Astoria Orlando. The rate at Waldorf Astoria Orlando is just C$ 760/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Orlando. How close is Waldorf Astoria Orlando to the nearest airport, Orlando Airport? There are 23.7 km between the closest airport, Orlando Airport, and Waldorf Astoria Orlando. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 18m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Orlando Airport to Waldorf Astoria Orlando? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Waldorf Astoria Orlando guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Orlando. Is Waldorf Astoria Orlando considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Waldorf Astoria Orlando are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. Is there a pool at Waldorf Astoria Orlando? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Orlando often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Waldorf Astoria Orlando for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Waldorf Astoria Orlando from the Orlando city center? Waldorf Astoria Orlando is just 14.7 km away from the center of Florida Center, Orlando. From Waldorf Astoria Orlando you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Universal Orlando Resort. What is the Waldorf Astoria Orlando phone number? You can reach the front desk of Waldorf Astoria Orlando at +1 407 597 5500. Is there a gym or fitness center at Waldorf Astoria Orlando? Yes. You should consider staying at Waldorf Astoria Orlando if having access to a fitness center on-site is important. What is the check-out time at Waldorf Astoria Orlando? Waldorf Astoria Orlando has a normal check-in time of after 4:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM. How much does it cost to stay at Waldorf Astoria Orlando, Orlando? On average, guests have been paying C$ 760 per night to stay at Waldorf Astoria Orlando. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 365 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Waldorf Astoria Orlando? Yes - Waldorf Astoria Orlando does have a restaurant. They also have a bar service for drinks. Does Waldorf Astoria Orlando have a laundry service? Waldorf Astoria Orlando does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. No need to pack a travel iron either, as the accommodation can provide one. How far is Waldorf Astoria Orlando from Epcot? The popular Epcot is just over 2.9 km from Waldorf Astoria Orlando. Is Waldorf Astoria Orlando close to Walt Disney World Resort? The distance from Waldorf Astoria Orlando to Walt Disney World Resort is 3.1 km. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Florida Hotels 209,062 Orlando Hotels 6,048 Waldorf Astoria Orlando Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
