https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Wallis_Sao_Bento.htm
Wallis São Bento, Lisbon | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Wallis São Bento Wallis São Bento Guest house Avenida Álvares Cabral 3, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal GoodBased on 1,345 reviews 6.9 C$ 50 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Wallis São Bento Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Wallis São Bento Located in Lisbon, Wallis Sao Bento is within easy reach of Bairro Alto and Belem Tower. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi throughout their stay. There are a varie... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.7 km Rating 6.9 Policies Check-in time 2:30 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +351 917 607 859 All policies Amenities at Wallis São Bento Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Terrace/Patio Family rooms Linens Towels Fire extinguisher Elevator Ironing service Shampoo Shared bathroom Shared kitchen Hardwood or parquet floors Shared toilet Heating Shower Accessible by elevator Dining room Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Socket near the bed CCTV in common areas Enhanced cleaning No smoking Balcony Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Clothes rack Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet Designated smoking area Show more Services Daily housekeeping Concierge service Contactless check-in/check-out Airport shuttle (surcharge) All amenities Hotels Similar to Wallis São Bento Top Lisbon hotels Hotel Avenida Palace 9.4 Excellent Rua 1 De Dezembro 123, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Avenida Palace, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 10 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 249 Avg. per night View Deals Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa 8.8 Excellent Avenida Liberdade, 185, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map Experience a piece of history when you stay at the first-ever Tivoli Hotel in Lisbon. Tivoli Avenida Liberdade Lisboa Hotel first opened its doors in 1933 and is famous for being the home of late Portuguese actress and icon, Beatriz Costa, for over 30 years. Located in the heart of the Portuguese capital, on the city’s most luxurious avenues, you’ll be within walking distance of the city’s hotspots. Visit the majestic Castelo de São Jorge, take the Glória Funicular up to the São Pedro de Alcântara viewpoint, or spend a day exploring stylish shops, bars and restaurants. Our newly refurbished rooms offer an oasis of calm and views of Avenida da Liberdade, the Tagus River or the secluded patio. Our room amenities include Nespresso machines and Wi-Fi. Suites and connecting rooms are available for families, with the Anantara Spa and exclusive outdoor pool perfecting the mood of relaxation. Dine in style at SEEN Lisboa rooftop restaurant, serving signature cocktails and delicious food – from Wagyu beef to locally sourced oysters. The more traditional Cervejaria Liberdade, known for its fish and seafood, is open all day. Just a 15-minute drive from the airport, our congress center is the perfect place to host your event. Our experienced conference and events team will ensure everything runs smoothly. C$ 308 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Avenida Hotel 9.0 Excellent Rua 1º De Dezembro, 120, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at Altis Avenida Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Lisbon, steps from Rossio Square and 11 minutes by foot from Commerce Square. Featured amenities include a business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Limited parking is available onsite. C$ 217 Avg. per night View Deals Vip Grand Lisboa Hotel & Spa 7.5 Good Avenida 5 De Outubro, 197, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map With a stay at VIP Grand Lisboa Hotel and Spa in Lisbon (Lisbon City Center), you'll be a 5-minute drive from Rossio Square and 7 minutes from Lisbon Oceanarium. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Planning an event in Lisbon? This hotel features 5305 square feet (493 square meters) of event facilities. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Lisbon Hotels closest to Wallis São Bento Lisbon City Break Suites Rua da Imprensa Nacional, 29A, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Lisbon City Break Suites is situated in Lisbon and is close to the area's tourist attractions. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a terrace and massage services. C$ 752 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Prime Hotel de Apartamentos 8.5 Excellent Rua Rodrigo da Fonseca, 4, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel This sophisticated Lisbon hotel is located within a 10-minute walk of Marques of Pombal Metro Station. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Altis Grand Hotel 8.5 Excellent Rua Castilho, 11, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.6 km from current hotel Offering views of Tagus River and Lisbon, Altis Grand Hotel - Luxury Collection Hotels is surrounded by a multitude of well-known eateries, and treats guests to free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and a sauna. Just a short walk from Liberty Avenue, it provides comfortable rooms equipped with a flat-screen TV, a mini bar and free wireless internet access. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals House Sao Bento 8.8 Excellent Rua Borges Carneiro 38 r/c Esq.., Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel House Sao Bento provides a comfortable setting when in Lisbon. It is steps from Sao Bento Palace, restaurants and nightlife options. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Lisbon hotels Expo Astoria Rua Braamcamp 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Hotel Expo Astoria is located amongst Lisbon's well-known restaurants and eateries, just a brief stroll from Marques of Pombal Metro Station. The various facilities this trendy hotel offers include luggage storage, porters and a 24-hour reception. C$ 12 Avg. per night View Deals Lisbon Destination Hostel 8.7 Excellent Estação Ferroviária do Rossio, piso 2, Largo Duque de Cadaval, 17-2ºF, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Providing free Wi-Fi, Lisbon Destination Hostel is located in Lisbon and is a short stroll from Rossio Square and Santa Justa Lift. The hostel is also conveniently situated within a five-minute walk of Rossio Railway Station. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Friendly Hills Bairro Alto 8.5 Excellent Rua da Barroca, 4 - 1 Andar, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated a short walk from Rossio Railway Station, Friendly Hills Bairro Alto is a convenient base when in Lisbon. It is close to Bairro Alto, shops and nightlife options. C$ 35 Avg. per night View Deals Residencial do Sul 6.9 Good Avenida Almirante Reis, 52, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Less than a 20-minute stroll from Restauradores Metro Station, Residencial Do Sul Lisbon provides guests with a convenient base while visiting Lisbon. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Lisbon Recommended hotels Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel 9.3 Excellent Rua de Santiago, 10 a 14, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Santiago de Alfama - Boutique Hotel is located in Lisbon and is close to the area's well-known attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of free Wi-Fi. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments 8.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Set in the heart of the city, Living Lisboa Baixa Apartments offers easy access to Lisbon's main retail areas and tourist attractions. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals 54 Santa Catarina Apartments 9.3 Excellent Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated under a 10-minute stroll from Cais do Sodre Metro Station, 54 Santa Catarina Apartments offers guests a convenient base when in Lisbon. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 163 Avg. per night View Deals Casa do Mercado Lisboa 9.0 Excellent Rua Da Boavista 10, Lisbon, Lisbon District, Portugal Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Lisbon, Portugal Situated within walking distance of Rossio Railway Station, this traditional bed and breakfast is a convenient base for those wanting to discover Lisbon and its surrounds. It provides free Wi-Fi, a swimming pool and a beauty centre. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Wallis São Bento 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 6.9 OkayBased on 1,344 verified guest reviews 6.9Couples 6.7Families 6.9Solo 7.1Friends Traveller type: Couples Families Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Wallis São Bento All photos (36) Bedroom (11) Bathroom (6) Room amenity (5) Outdoors view (3) Where is Wallis São Bento Most Popular Landmarks Jardim Botânico0.7 km Chiado Museum1.5 km Elevador de Santa Justa1.7 km Castelo de São Jorge2.0 km Museu Calouste Gulbenkian2.1 km Sé de Lisboa2.3 km Getting Around Lisbon Marquês Pombal0.8 km Lisbon Avenida0.9 km Lisbon Restauradores1.3 km Lisbon Rossio1.4 km Lisbon Picoas1.5 km Lisbon Campo Mártires Pátria1.5 km FAQs when booking at Wallis São Bento Is pricing at Wallis São Bento comparable to 3 star hotels in Lisbon? The average rate for a night at Wallis São Bento is 65% less than the Lisbon average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Wallis São Bento is typically C$ 60, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Lisbon. How close is Wallis São Bento to the nearest airport, Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport? With no traffic, the 6.6 km drive between Wallis São Bento and Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 05m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport to Wallis São Bento? For the most freedom while visiting Lisbon, consider renting a car for about C$ 12/day and parking it at Wallis São Bento where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Wallis São Bento guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Lisbon. How close is Wallis São Bento from the Lisbon city center? Wallis São Bento is 0.2 km away from the center of Príncipe Real, Lisbon. Consider visiting Estádio José Alvalade, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Wallis São Bento by various forms of transportation. What is the Wallis São Bento phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +351 917 607 859 to talk to a Wallis São Bento front desk representative. Does Wallis São Bento have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Wallis São Bento has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Wallis São Bento? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Wallis São Bento, guests should plan for any time after 2:30 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Wallis São Bento, Lisbon? C$ 36 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Wallis São Bento, with average deals around C$ 60 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. How far is Wallis São Bento from Sé de Lisboa? Sé de Lisboa in Lisbon is 2.3 km away from Wallis São Bento. Is Wallis São Bento close to Chiado Museum? Walking distance - there’s 1.5 km between Chiado Museum and Wallis São Bento. Home Portugal Hotels 82,098 Lisbon District Hotels 15,178 Lisbon Hotels 10,526 Wallis São Bento Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
