https://www.apple.com/ca/watch/
Watch - Apple (CA) Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel Apple Watch Ultra New Apple Watch Series 8 New Apple Watch SE New Apple Watch Nike Apple Watch Hermès New Apple Watch Studio Compare Bands AirPods Accessories Apple Fitness+ watchOS Shop Watch The Apple Shopping Event is coming. From November 25–28, get an Apple Gift Card for up to $70 when you buy an eligible Apple Watch SE.* Get an early look Apple Watch Apple Watch Ultra Adventure awaits. Buy Learn more Watch the film Apple Watch Series 8 A healthy leap ahead. Buy Learn more Watch the film Apple Watch SE A great deal to love. Buy Learn more Which Apple Watch is right for you? +6 more New Apple Watch Series 8 Buy Learn more 45mm or 41mm Swimproof1 IP6X dust-resistant1 Always-On Retina display Up to 1000 nits Blood Oxygen app2 ECG app3 High and low heart rate notifications Irregular rhythm notification4 Temperature sensing5 Cycle tracking with retrospective ovulation estimates6 Emergency SOS7 International emergency calling8 Fall Detection Crash Detection7 Cellular available9 Family Setup — pair multiple watches with one iPhone10 New Apple Watch SE Buy Learn more 44mm or 40mm Swimproof1 Retina display Up to 1000 nits High and low heart rate notifications Irregular rhythm notification4 Cycle tracking6 Emergency SOS7 International emergency calling8 Fall Detection Crash Detection7 Cellular available9 Family Setup — pair multiple watches with one iPhone10 New Apple Watch Ultra Buy Learn more 49mm Swimproof11 IP6X dust-resistant12 MIL-STD 810H certification13 Action button Always-On Retina display Up to 2000 nits Blood Oxygen app2 ECG app3 High and low heart rate notifications Irregular rhythm notification4 Temperature sensing5 Cycle tracking with retrospective ovulation estimates6 Emergency SOS7 International emergency calling8 Fall Detection Crash Detection7 86-decibel Siren to attract attention Cellular9 Family Setup — pair multiple watches with one iPhone10 Compare all models Shop Apple Watch Give WOW. Shop the Holiday Gift Guide Family Setup Your family joined at the wrist. Family members who don‘t have an iPhone can stay in touch with Apple Watch. Learn more Shop Apple Watch Family Setup One iPhone makes everyone's Apple Watch tick. With Family Setup, everyone in the family, like your kids and older adults, can have an Apple Watch. Even those who don’t have their own iPhone yet. It’s all the connectivity, wellness, and safety features you love, for everyone you love. Fun and independence for them. Peace of mind for you. Pairing is caring. Family Setup lets you pair watches for your children and older family members to your iPhone. Everyone gets their own phone number, and you can manage each watch using the Apple Watch app on your iPhone. A great call for kids. With Family Setup, kids get to experience many of the capabilities of Apple Watch. They can stay in touch with the people you approve, by calling and texting. And have fun streaming music, downloading apps and paying for stuff with Apple Cash Family. You can also schedule Schooltime to limit Apple Watch features when they need to focus. Even the Activity rings have been rethought to better reflect how they exercise — tracking Move minutes instead of active calories. And with location sharing, you’ll get alerts when kids get home or aren’t where they’re expected to be. A smart call for older adults. Apple Watch can open up a whole new world for older family members. They get the same connectivity benefits of Apple Watch, like calling, texting and location sharing to stay close to the family. And if they need it, they can make the text larger or bolded. Safety features. Apple Watch comes with important safety features like fall detection which can detect if your loved ones have taken a hard fall. If it senses they're immobile, Emergency SOS will connect them with emergency services — even if they haven't signed up for a cellular plan. They can also get help in an emergency — all over the world by simply pressing and holding the side button. Health features. Apple Watch can alert family members if it detects unusually high or low heart rates, as well as measure their current heart rate. And all the Activity goals, including Stand hours and Exercise minutes, can be customized to a level that works for older family members. Apple Fitness Plus Get 3 months free when you buy an Apple Watch.14 Shop Apple Watch Learn about Apple Fitness+ See what’s new Get credit toward a new Apple Watch.15 With Apple Trade In, just give us your eligible Apple Watch and get credit for a new one. It’s good for you and the planet. Find your trade-in value Apple Watch Studio Any case. Any band. Any style you want. Create your style Why Apple Watch It’s the ultimate device for a healthy life. Learn more watchOS 9 Extremely insightful. Exceptionally personal. See what's new Apple Watch essentials New styles. Ready for new adventures. Shop the latest bands Magic runs in the family. Explore all AirPods models and find the best ones for you. Learn more Fast delivery or pickup Enjoy two-hour delivery from the Apple Store in most metro areas, free delivery or easy pickup.◊ Learn more Get help buying Have a question? Call a Specialist or chat online. Call 1‑800‑MY‑APPLE. Contact us Get more out of Apple Watch Apple One Bundle up to six Apple services. And enjoy more for less. Try it free16 Learn more Apple Music Over 100 million songs. Start listening for free today. Try it free17 Learn more Three rings. One goal. See how to close your Activity rings on Apple Watch Health app Now with a healthy dose of updates. Learn more Apple Footer * Offer valid on qualifying purchases of eligible Apple products from November 25 through November 28, 2022, at Apple Store locations, on apple.com/ca, on the Apple Store app and by calling 1-800-MY-APPLE. Offer subject to availability. While supplies last. Customers shall receive a discount equal to the value of the Special Offer Apple Gift Card (depending on their purchase) off the price of the eligible product, but will be charged for all items in their cart, including the Special Offer Apple Gift Card. Additional restrictions apply. For full terms and conditions of offer, see apple.com/ca/promo. ◊ $13.00 two-hour delivery on eligible Apple products in most metros. Offer is not available on customized Mac, engraved products, and for certain order types including orders paid for with financing or by bank transfer. Delivery times vary according to your selected delivery address, availability of your items and the time of day you place your order. Find a store to view local store hours or see checkout for estimated delivery. A signature is required for delivery. Drivers may ask for verbal confirmation of receipt from a safe distance to satisfy the signature requirement. Apple Watch Series 8 and Apple Watch SE have a water-resistance rating of 50 meters under ISO standard 22810:2010. This means that they may be used for shallow-water activities like swimming in a pool or ocean. However, they should not be used for scuba diving, waterskiing or other activities involving high-velocity water or submersion below shallow depth. Water resistance is not a permanent condition and can diminish over time. For additional information see support.apple.com/en-ca/HT20500. Series 8 is also rated IP6X dust-resistant. Blood Oxygen app measurements are not intended for medical use, including self-diagnosis or consultation with a doctor, and are only designed for general fitness and wellness purposes. The ECG app is available on Apple Watch Series 4 and later (not including Apple Watch SE) with the latest version of iOS and watchOS. See apple.com/ca/watch for compatibility details. ECG is not intended for use by people under 22 years old. With the ECG app, Apple Watch is capable of generating an ECG similar to a single-lead electrocardiogram. Irregular rhythm notification requires the latest version of watchOS and iOS. It is not intended for use by people under 22 years old or those who have been previously diagnosed with atrial fibrillation (AFib). The temperature sensing feature is not a medical device and not intended for use in medical diagnosis, treatment or for any other medical purpose. The Cycle Tracking app is not intended for use in medical diagnosis, treatment, or any other medical purpose, including as a form of birth control or to support conception. Emergency SOS requires a cellular connection or Wi-Fi Calling with an internet connection from your Apple Watch or nearby iPhone. The international emergency calling feature requires an Apple Watch Ultra (Cellular), Apple Watch Series 8 (GPS + Cellular), Apple Watch Series 7 (GPS + Cellular) or Apple Watch SE (GPS + Cellular) model. For a list of supported countries and regions, see apple.com/ca/watchos/feature-availability. Wireless service plan required for cellular service. Contact your service provider for more details. Connection may vary based on network availability. Check apple.com/ca/watch/cellular for participating wireless carriers and eligibility. See support.apple.com/en-ca/HT207578 for additional setup instructions. Not all features will be available if the Apple Watch is set up through Family Setup. Wireless service plan required for cellular service. Contact your service provider for more details. Check apple.com/ca/watch/cellular for participating wireless carriers and eligibility. Apple Watch Ultra has a water-resistance rating of 100 metres under ISO standard 22810. It may be used for recreational scuba diving (with compatible third-party app from the App Store) to 40 metres and high-speed water sports. Apple Watch Ultra should not be used for diving below 40 metres. Water resistance is not a permanent condition and can diminish over time. For additional information see support.apple.com/en-ca/HT205000. Apple Watch Ultra is rated IP6X dust-resistant. Tested against subsections for Altitude, High Temperature, Low Temperature, Temperature Shock, Immersion, Freeze/Thaw, Shock and Vibration. $12.99/month after trial. Offer good for three months after eligible device activation. One subscription per Family Sharing group. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. Trade‑in values will vary based on the condition, year and configuration of your eligible trade‑in device. Not all devices are eligible for credit. You must be at least 18 years old to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an Apple Gift Card. Trade‑in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase, or added to an Apple Gift Card. Actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. Sales tax may be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. In‑store trade‑in requires presentation of a valid photo ID (local law may require saving this information). Offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in‑store and online trade‑in. Some stores may have additional requirements. Apple or its trade‑in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit quantity of any trade‑in transaction for any reason. More details are available from Apple’s trade‑in partner for trade‑in and recycling of eligible devices. Restrictions and limitations may apply. See apple.com/ca/trade‑in. The Apple One free trial includes only services that you are not currently using through a free trial or a subscription. Plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. New subscribers only. $10.99/month after free trial. Plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. Case and band combinations can be made within collections (Apple Watch, Apple Watch Nike and Apple Watch Hermès) only. Apple Watch Ultra, Apple Watch Series 8, and Apple Watch SE require an iPhone 8 or later with iOS 16 or later. Features are subject to change. Some features, applications and services may not be available in all regions or all languages. View complete list. Bands subject to availability. Apple Fitness+ classes are taught in English with an option for subtitles in French, Spanish, German, Italian, Russian and Brazilian Portuguese.  Apple Watch Shop and Learn Open Menu Close Menu Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Services Open Menu Close Menu Apple Music Apple TV+ Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Arcade iCloud Apple One Apple Pay Apple Books Apple Podcasts App Store Account Open Menu Close Menu Manage Your Apple ID Apple Store Account iCloud.com Apple Store Open Menu Close Menu Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Apple Camp Apple Store App Refurbished and Clearance Financing Apple Trade In Order Status Shopping Help For Business Open Menu Close Menu Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education Open Menu Close Menu Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare Open Menu Close Menu Apple in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone Apple Values Open Menu Close Menu Accessibility Education Environment Privacy Supplier Responsibility About Apple Open Menu Close Menu Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
