https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/WelcomINNS_Ottawa.htm
Welcominns Ottawa, Ottawa | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Welcominns Ottawa Welcominns Ottawa Hotel 1220 Michael Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada GoodBased on 881 reviews 7.5 C$ 118 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Welcominns Ottawa Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Welcominns Ottawa This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute walk of Cyrville Station. It also offers a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and babysitting/child services. There are a range of facilities on ... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.1 km Rating 7.5 Nearest airport Ottawa Distance to airport 11.5 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:30 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 613 748 7800 All policies Amenities at Welcominns Ottawa Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Radio Disabled Access Linens Towels Fireplace Grill Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Ironing service Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Shower cap Shower chair Accessible by elevator Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Microwave Interconnected room(s) available Socket near the bed Alarm clock Key card access CCTV in common areas No smoking Bathtub Soundproofing Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Safe Pants press Trash cans Complimentary breakfast Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Eco tourism Golf Fitness centre Services Conference rooms Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Tour desk All amenities Hotels Similar to Welcominns Ottawa Top Ottawa hotels Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience 9.0 Excellent 1 Rideau St-Building A, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map A stay at Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience places you in the heart of Ottawa, within a 10-minute walk of Parliament Hill and Byward Market Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. This hotel has 10 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 431 Avg. per night View Deals The Westin Ottawa 7.9 Good 11 Colonel By Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Rest assured with our Commitment to Clean experience at The Westin Ottawa hotel. Our modern hotel is located in the Ottawa business district across from the Rideau Canal, an UNESCO World Heritage Site. Our renowned Shore Club restaurant is a popular dining choice for hotel guests and Ottawa locals alike. Stay active during your visit to Canada with our hotel's fitness offerings, including our indoor saltwater pool, our modern fitness center and our private squash courts. Host your next conference or event in our dynamic venues, connected to the Shaw Convention Centre, and take advantage of our state-of-the-art AV equipment and expert planning services. Enjoy a restful night sleep in refined hotel rooms and suites with enriching amenities and stunning views of the Ottawa cityscape. C$ 272 Avg. per night View Deals Fairmont Chateau Laurier 7.8 Good 1 Rideau Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Follow in the footsteps of royalty, celebrities and Canada's elite when you stay at our luxury Ottawa hotel, Fairmont Chateau Laurier. In a prime location, with ByWard Market on one side and the Rideau Canal locks on the other, Ottawa's castle has been revitalized to offer you even more luxurious accommodations in Canada's capital. From the chic rooms and suites to the superb event spaces and state-of-the-art facilities, Fairmont's sophisticated signature can be found throughout the majestic chateau. C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt 8.1 Excellent 325 Dalhousie Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map Andaz Ottawa Byward Market, is the first Andaz-branded hotel in Canada as well as the first Ottawa hotel under Hyatt’s brand portfolio. The 200-room downtown Ottawa hotel is located in the famed Byward Market neighborhood. The neighborhood is surrounded by more than two-dozen embassies and consulates and is located immediately east of Ottawa’s commercial office core. Among the most beautiful hotels near Byward Market, Andaz Ottawa is a short walk from Parliament Hill. C$ 250 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Ottawa Hotels closest to Welcominns Ottawa Comfort Inn Ottawa East 7.3 Good 1252 Michael Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Comfort Inn Ottawa East is situated in Ottawa and is a short walk from Cyrville Station. It also offers a 24-hour reception, a swimming pool and a currency exchange. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East 8.3 Excellent 200 Coventry Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.9 km from current hotel Situated in Ottawa, the hotel features a Jacuzzi, outdoor tennis courts and a sauna, and is within a two-minute walk of Ottawa Baseball Stadium. It also has a gym, a beauty centre and an indoor pool. C$ 174 Avg. per night View Deals Hampton Inn by Hilton Ottawa 8.8 Excellent 100 Coventry Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 2.0 km from current hotel Hampton by Hilton Ottawa is located in Ottawa and offers an indoor pool. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge by Wyndham Ottawa East 5.7 Okay 1486 Innes Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 2.2 km from current hotel Travelodge by Wyndham Ottawa East is located in Ottawa and offers free Wi-Fi. It also provides free public parking on site and Orleans and University of Ottawa are a brief car ride away. C$ 100 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Ottawa hotels BackpackersHQ 250 Lisgar Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada BackpackersHQ provides comfortable accommodation in the heart of Ottawa. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary wireless internet during their stay. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Value Inn Ottawa 2098 Montreal Road, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Value Inn Ottawa is located in Ottawa and features miniature golf and outdoor tennis courts. It is ideally positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 33 Avg. per night View Deals Capital Hill Hotel and Suites 88 Albert Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada This Ottawa hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Mackenzie King Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 39 Avg. per night View Deals Ottawa Backpackers Inn 7.1 Good 203 York Street, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in East End, Ottawa Backpackers Inn is a short walk to several local attractions, including Embassy of United States. It also offers luggage storage and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Ottawa Recommended hotels Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast 16 Seymour Avenue, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Give Me A Break Bed & Breakfast is located in Ottawa and offers complimentary Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 52 Avg. per night View Deals Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Airport 8.8 Excellent 3605 Paul Anka Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 8.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Located in Ottawa, the hotel provides direct access to Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and features an indoor pool. It has a gym, as well as meeting rooms, a business centre and a designated smoking area. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport 9.1 Excellent 135 Thad Johnson Private, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 10.4 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Conveniently located minutes from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in Ottawa. It also features free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and bicycle rental. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East - Orleans 8.4 Excellent 500 Brisebois Crescent, Ottawa, ON, Canada Show on map 16.1 km from city centre, Ottawa, ON, Canada Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East-Orleans is situated in Ottawa and is a short walk from Place d'Orleans Station. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Welcominns Ottawa 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.5 GoodBased on 881 verified guest reviews 7.8Solo 7.4Families 7.6Couples 7.3Friends Traveller type: Solo Families Couples Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Welcominns Ottawa All photos (29) Bedroom (7) Front desk (5) Bathroom (4) Building (3) Where is Welcominns Ottawa Most Popular Landmarks St. Laurent Centre0.3 km Place D'Orleans Shopping Center10.9 km Rideau Carleton Raceway14.4 km Bell Sensplex25.7 km Canadian Tire Centre26.8 km Laurier House3.6 km Getting Around Ottawa St Laurent0.5 km Ottawa1.7 km Ottawa Orléans10.8 km Ottawa Fallowfield15.9 km Ottawa Hospital - General Campus2.5 km Ottawa Hurdman2.6 km FAQs when booking at Welcominns Ottawa Is pricing at Welcominns Ottawa comparable to 2 star hotels in Ottawa? The average rate for a night at Welcominns Ottawa is 21% less than the Ottawa average for similarly rated 2 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Welcominns Ottawa is typically C$ 131, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Ottawa. How close is Welcominns Ottawa to the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport? There are 11.5 km between the closest airport, Ottawa Airport, and Welcominns Ottawa. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 08m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Ottawa Airport to Welcominns Ottawa? For the most freedom while visiting Ottawa, consider renting a car for about C$ 55/day and parking it at Welcominns Ottawa where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Ottawa Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Welcominns Ottawa considered pet-friendly? Welcominns Ottawa is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Welcominns Ottawa. How close is Welcominns Ottawa from the Ottawa city center? Welcominns Ottawa is 3.4 km away from the center of Sandy Hill, Ottawa. Consider visiting Canadian War Museum, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Welcominns Ottawa by various forms of transportation. What is the Welcominns Ottawa phone number? The best way to contact Welcominns Ottawa is by calling +1 613 748 7800. Does Welcominns Ottawa have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Welcominns Ottawa has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Welcominns Ottawa? Yes, Welcominns Ottawa has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Welcominns Ottawa? 11:30 AM is the check-out time at Welcominns Ottawa. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Welcominns Ottawa, Ottawa? Prices at Welcominns Ottawa will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 131, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 68. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Welcominns Ottawa? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Welcominns Ottawa, Ottawa. Does Welcominns Ottawa have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Welcominns Ottawa. There is also an ironing board and iron in the accommodation. How far is Welcominns Ottawa from Laurier House? Welcominns Ottawa is about 3.6 km from Laurier House, one of Ottawa’s most popular landmarks. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 Ontario Hotels 13,864 Ottawa Hotels 524 Welcominns Ottawa Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
