https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Westgate_Blue_Tree_Resort.htm
Westgate Blue Tree Resort, Orlando | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Florida Hotels 209,062 Orlando Hotels 6,048 Westgate Blue Tree Resort Westgate Blue Tree Resort Resort 12007 Cypress Run Drive, Orlando, FL, United States ExcellentBased on 5 reviews 8.2 C$ 143 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Westgate Blue Tree Resort Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Westgate Blue Tree Resort Located in Orlando, Westgate Blue Tree Resort is within easy reach of SeaWorld Orlando and Universal Studios Florida. The resort offers outdoor tennis courts, an outdoor pool and a swimming pool, as w... More Good to Know To Downtown 20.5 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport Orlando Distance to airport 19.6 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 407 597 2200 All policies Amenities at Westgate Blue Tree Resort Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Kid-friendly Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Soap and Shampoo Provided Grill Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Shower Dishwasher Deadbolt locks Iron and ironing board Dining room Dishes Hot tub Microwave Child pool Outdoor pool No smoking Balcony Kitchenware Bathtub Spa bath Stovetop Express check-out Hairdryer Cable or satellite TV Emergency contact numbers Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Safe Clothes rack Coffee machine TV Free parking Picnic area Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Dining area Dining table Private bathroom Garden Kitchen Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Washing machine Kitchenette Private parking Storage available DVD player Show more Activities Basketball court Game room Fitness centre Tennis Playground Pool table Services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Business centre Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out All amenities Hotels Similar to Westgate Blue Tree Resort Top Orlando hotels Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort 9.3 Excellent 10100 Dream Tree Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map With a stay at Four Seasons Resort Orlando at WALT DISNEY WORLD® Resort in Lake Buena Vista (Golden Oak), you'll be within a 10-minute drive of Disney Springs® Area and Disney Springs®. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Planning an event in Lake Buena Vista? This resort has facilities measuring 37750 square feet (3507 square meters), including conference space. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 1,787 Avg. per night View Deals The Ritz-Carlton Orlando Grande Lakes 8.7 Excellent 4012 Central Florida Parkway, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map While the magic of America’s favorite playground entertains the imagination from morning to night, there is a resort in Orlando that delights it – by creating memories that stay vivid long after you leave this Florida oasis. Bordered by Shingle Creek, the Headwaters of the Everglades, The Ritz-Carlton Orlando, Grande Lakes envelops you into 500 acres of natural beauty, a luxurious retreat where you can surrender to the serenity of our relaxing spa, indulge in fine dining, or play 18 holes on our golf course, a Certified Audubon Cooperative Sanctuary. With exceptional amenities and impeccable service, one of the most breathtaking luxury hotels in Orlando is the perfect place to relax, meet or experience the wedding of your dreams, all while enjoying the quintessential all-American city. C$ 910 Avg. per night View Deals Waldorf Astoria Orlando 8.3 Excellent 14200 Bonnet Creek Resort Lane, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map Daily Resort Charge will be added to the room rate and includes: WiFi: 2 bottled waters daily: Disney shuttle: 20% off spa services and golf merchandise: access to fitness center & golf practice facility: golf club rental after 2pm. Waldorf Astoria® Orlando is an elegant oasis of contemporary luxury nestled in a peaceful 482-acre nature preserve and conveniently surrounded by Walt Disney World® Theme Parks. This luxurious hotel offers guests an ambiance of stylish sophistication replete with celebrated amenities and impeccable personalized service. An artful blend of comfort and modern elegance, Waldorf Astoria Orlando has redefined the vacation experience. The resort offers a plethora of recreational activities perfect for enjoying and relaxation. Enjoy a round of golf on our Rees Jones-designed Waldorf Astoria® Golf Club: rejuvenate in our luxurious Waldorf Astoria® Spa: or take a refreshing swim in our pools and discover the ultimate escape in a private cabana. The resort’s dining experiences are unparalleled featuring world-class dining with twelve restaurant and lounges, including the famed Bull & Bear®. Guests of Waldorf Astoria Orlando are invited to enjoy the facilities and amenities of the adjacent Hilton Orlando Bonnet Creek including their award-winning 3-acre lazy river pool with water slide. Waldorf Astoria Orlando features 498 stylish guest rooms and suites, featuring Italian marble bathrooms, high-definition 42-inch LCD televisions, Blu-ray player with DVD/CD/MP3 capabilities, safes suitable for laptops, twice-daily housekeeping and complimentary luxury transportation to the Walt Disney World® Theme Parks. C$ 575 Avg. per night View Deals Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort 8.7 Excellent 6601 Adventure Way, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map With a stay at Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort in Orlando (Florida Center), you'll be within a 15-minute walk of Universal’s Volcano Bay and Universal’s Islands of Adventure. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Orlando? This aparthotel has facilities measuring 115,000 square feet (11 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 277 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Orlando Hotels closest to Westgate Blue Tree Resort Blue Tree Resort at Lake Buena Vista 8.4 Excellent 12007 Cypress Run Road, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Located in Orlando, Blue Tree Resort at Lake Buena Vista is an easy drive from SeaWorld Orlando and Universal Studios Florida. It also provides a Jacuzzi, indoor tennis courts and a free shuttle service. C$ 111 Avg. per night View Deals Grande Villas Resort By Diamond Resorts 8.9 Excellent 12118 Turtle Cay Circle, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Orlando, Grande Villas Resort By Diamond Resorts is a short drive from SeaWorld Orlando and Universal Studios Florida. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, outdoor tennis courts and a Jacuzzi. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals Courtyard by Marriott Lake Buena Vista at Vista Centre 7.9 Good 8501 Palm Parkway, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Boasting a swimming pool, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Courtyard Orlando Lake Buena Vista at Vista Centre is situated in Orlando and offers themed accommodation. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 146 Avg. per night View Deals Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort 7.2 Good 12205 South Apopka Vineland Road, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Sheraton Orlando Lake Buena Vista Resort is situated in Orlando and is within a short walk of local landmarks, such as Walt Disney World Resort. The various amenities this unique resort has to offer include a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a free shuttle service. C$ 158 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Orlando hotels Midpointe Hotel By Rosen Hotels & Resorts 9956 Hawaiian Court, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 15.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in International Drive, Midpointe Hotel by Rosen Hotels & Resorts is a short walk to several local attractions, including SeaWorld Orlando. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an express check-in and check-out feature and an outdoor pool. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Bel-Air Orlando 4.7 Okay 6119 South Orange Blossom Trail, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 8.0 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Hotel Bel-Air Orlando is situated in Orlando and features complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently positioned for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Travelodge by Wyndham Orlando / Heart of International Drive 5.4 Okay 7200 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.8 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in the popular hub of International Drive, Travelodge by Wyndham Orlando/ International Drive is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the local area. It also offers a swimming pool, free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals HomeTowne Studios by Red Roof Orlando South 3.5 Mediocre 9435 Delegates Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Featuring an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, HomeTowne Studios Orlando South is located in Orlando and offers modern accommodation. It also provides a safe, a 24-hour reception and laundry facilities. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Orlando Recommended hotels Drury Inn & Suites near Universal Orlando Resort 9.1 Excellent 7301 West Sand Lake Road, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 13.7 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Situated in Orlando, Drury Inn & Suites Orlando provides 3-star accommodation, as well as free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express & Suites Orlando At Seaworld 8.7 Excellent 10771 International Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 16.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Holiday Inn Express & Suites - Orlando At Seaworld is situated in International Drive, just 15 minutes from Orlando International Airport. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, free Wi-Fi and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort 9.3 Excellent 10100 Dream Tree Boulevard, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 22.2 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort provides a luxury setting while in Orlando. It features an outdoor pool with water slides, outdoor tennis courts and a Jacuzzi. C$ 1,787 Avg. per night View Deals Renaissance Orlando at SeaWorld 8.6 Excellent 6677 Sea Harbor Drive, Orlando, FL, United States Show on map 16.5 km from city centre, Orlando, FL, United States Renaissance Orlando at SeaWorld is situated in Orlando and offers water slides, a Jacuzzi and a rooftop terrace. It also features an outdoor pool, a sauna and a Turkish steam bath. C$ 261 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Westgate Blue Tree Resort 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 5 verified guest reviews Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Westgate Blue Tree Resort All photos (28) Other (7) Pool (5) Hotel amenity (3) Bedroom (2) Where is Westgate Blue Tree Resort Most Popular Landmarks Orlando Vineland Premium Outlets1.1 km Gatorland10.3 km Universal Orlando Resort10.4 km The Florida Mall12.4 km Mall at Millenia12.8 km Tinker Field19.2 km Getting Around Orlando International Drive Orlando10.5 km Orlando Holiday Inn10.7 km Orlando Double Tree Hilton11.0 km Orlando 2417 W Oakridge Rd13.0 km Orlando Sand Lake Road15.3 km Orlando Jet Set Terminal15.5 km FAQs when booking at Westgate Blue Tree Resort How close is Westgate Blue Tree Resort to the nearest airport, Orlando Airport? At just 19.6 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Orlando Airport, to Westgate Blue Tree Resort is 0h 15m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Orlando Airport to Westgate Blue Tree Resort? Getting from Orlando Airport to Westgate Blue Tree Resort can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 32/day in Orlando. Luckily, Westgate Blue Tree Resort has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Orlando Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Westgate Blue Tree Resort? Yes. Many people visiting Orlando look for a hotel with a pool. Westgate Blue Tree Resort has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Westgate Blue Tree Resort from the Orlando city center? Westgate Blue Tree Resort is 9.7 km away from the center of Florida Center, Orlando. Consider visiting Universal Orlando Resort, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Westgate Blue Tree Resort by various forms of transportation. What is the Westgate Blue Tree Resort phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Westgate Blue Tree Resort please call +1 407 597 2200. Does Westgate Blue Tree Resort have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Westgate Blue Tree Resort has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Westgate Blue Tree Resort? There is a hotel fitness center accessible to guests of Westgate Blue Tree Resort. Most hotels do not have 24-hour fitness centers, so be sure to contact the front desk for gym hours and availability. What is the check-out time at Westgate Blue Tree Resort? 11:00 AM is the check-out time at Westgate Blue Tree Resort. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Westgate Blue Tree Resort, Orlando? A good deal at Westgate Blue Tree Resort right now is between C$ 91 and C$ 214 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Does Westgate Blue Tree Resort have a laundry service? Westgate Blue Tree Resort does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests can also use ironing facilities. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Florida Hotels 209,062 Orlando Hotels 6,048 Westgate Blue Tree Resort Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
