https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/WestHouse_Hotel_New_York.htm
Westhouse Hotel New York, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Westhouse Hotel New York Westhouse Hotel New York Hotel 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States ExcellentBased on 634 reviews 8.2 C$ 328 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Westhouse Hotel New York Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Westhouse Hotel New York Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary ... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.0 km Rating 8.2 Nearest airport New York John F Kennedy Intl Distance to airport 22.0 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 212 707 4888 All policies Amenities at Westhouse Hotel New York Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Entire unit wheelchair accessible Executive lounge access Family rooms Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shoeshine Smoke alarms Heating Breakfast included Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Key card access No smoking Kid-friendly buffet Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Private entrance Storage available Private parking Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Rooftop Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Slippers First-aid kit Additional bathroom Snack bar Socket near the bed Additional toilet Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Enhanced cleaning Body soap Bottle of water Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe City view Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Valet parking Desk Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Evening entertainment Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Library Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Photocopier service Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Key access 24-hour security Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Westhouse Hotel New York Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 811 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 669 Avg. per night View Deals The Marmara Park Avenue 8.0 Excellent 114 East 32nd Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at The Marmara Park Avenue, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from 5th Avenue and 7 minutes by foot from Empire State Building. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Planning an event in New York? This hotel has 1375 square feet (128 square meters) of space consisting of conference space and a meeting room. C$ 377 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to Westhouse Hotel New York Dream Midtown 7.5 Good 210 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Set in Manhattan, Dream Midtown is just moments from the New York City Center. It is 10 minutes on foot from Broadway and The Museum of Modern Art, and showcases views of New York City and Times Square. C$ 257 Avg. per night View Deals Park Central Hotel New York 7.6 Good 870 7th Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Located in New York City, Park Central Hotel offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to the New York City Center. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of complimentary Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 205 Avg. per night View Deals Wellington Hotel 871 Seventh Ave, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Wellington Hotel New York City in Manhattan was built in 1910 and was recently refurbished. It is situated a brief stroll from Broadway, The Museum of Modern Art and Central Park. C$ 316 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South 7.1 Good 237 West 54th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Set in Manhattan, Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South is moments away from the New York City Center. It is located a short stroll from Broadway and The Museum of Modern Art. C$ 207 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 58 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 83 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 234 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 480 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 286 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 397 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Westhouse Hotel New York 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.2 GreatBased on 634 verified guest reviews 8.1Couples 7.9Solo 8.4Friends 8.2Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Westhouse Hotel New York All photos (60) Bedroom (24) Bar (4) Living room (4) Lounge (4) Where is Westhouse Hotel New York Most Popular Landmarks Carnegie Hall0.2 km Broadway0.5 km Times Square0.7 km Bryant Park1.3 km Grand Central Terminal1.4 km Chrysler Building1.5 km Getting Around New York W 53rd St & 6th Ave0.3 km New York McDonald's - 1651 Broadway0.3 km New York Madison Av/E 46 St1.0 km New York Port Authority1.1 km New York 375 W 42nd St1.1 km New York W 42 St Bryant Park1.2 km FAQs when booking at Westhouse Hotel New York Is pricing at Westhouse Hotel New York comparable to 5 star hotels in New York? The average rate for a night at Westhouse Hotel New York is 69% less than the New York average for similarly rated 5 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Westhouse Hotel New York is typically C$ 512, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in New York. How close is Westhouse Hotel New York to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? With no traffic, the 22 km drive between Westhouse Hotel New York and New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 17m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Westhouse Hotel New York? Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Westhouse Hotel New York considered pet-friendly? Hotel guests at Westhouse Hotel New York are welcome to bring most pets like cats and dogs. If you have another type of pet, is it suggested you contact the front desk. How close is Westhouse Hotel New York from the New York city center? Westhouse Hotel New York is just 0.5 km away from the center of Manhattan, New York. From Westhouse Hotel New York you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Madison Square Garden. What is the Westhouse Hotel New York phone number? For questions about Westhouse Hotel New York and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +1 212 707 4888. Does Westhouse Hotel New York have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Westhouse Hotel New York has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Westhouse Hotel New York? Yes, Westhouse Hotel New York has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Westhouse Hotel New York? The standard check-out time at Westhouse Hotel New York is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Westhouse Hotel New York, New York? Usually Westhouse Hotel New York room prices are around C$ 512/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 104/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Does Westhouse Hotel New York have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Westhouse Hotel New York. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Westhouse Hotel New York from Rockefeller Center? The popular Rockefeller Center is just over 0.6 km from Westhouse Hotel New York. Is Westhouse Hotel New York close to Times Square? Walking distance - there’s 0.7 km between Times Square and Westhouse Hotel New York. Home United States Hotels 934,693 New York Hotels 27,646 New York Hotels 4,908 Westhouse Hotel New York Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
