https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Place/West_Hollywood-vacation-rentals.htm
West Hollywood, California Vacation Rentals, Apartments & Condos - HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Vacation Rentals in West Hollywood, CA Search and compare West Hollywood, CA vacation rentals from hundreds of travel sites and save West Hollywood, CA, United States 21 Nov — 22 Nov 2 1 room, 2 guests West Hollywood, CA, United States Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Search ...and more Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 West Hollywood Hotels 199 West Hollywood Vacation Rentals 167 Show Map Refine Your Search Star ratings Guest Ratings 0+ 2+ 4+ 6+ 8+ Amenities Pool Beachfront Hot tub Freebies Breakfast Parking Cancellation Internet See all filters Popular holiday rental in West Hollywood Sort by Popular Price Stars Review Score Distance Filter by star ratingsAll filters Cozy Hollywood 522 North Harvard Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 3.2 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States Located in Los Angeles, Cozy Hollywood is an easy drive from the Hollywood Walk of Fame and Universal Studios Hollywood. Those staying at the property can also take advantage of free wireless internet during their stay. View Deals Beach oasis private entrance 9.0 Excellent Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 14.8 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States ExcellentBased on 177 reviews 9.0 Beach oasis private entrance is situated in Los Angeles and is close to the area's well-known attractions. It also offers free wireless internet. View Deals Heaven on Hollywood Furnished Apartments 8.3 Excellent Los Angeles, CA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Los Angeles, CA, United States ExcellentBased on 85 reviews 8.3 Located next to Los Angeles's Hollywood and Highland Center, Heaven on Hollywood Furnished Apartments offers on-site parking and apartments with air conditioning. It also provides an outdoor pool, a sauna and a swimming pool. View Deals All 199 vacation rentals in West Hollywood Tips for booking vacation rentals in West Hollywood Cheapest month: August Most expensive month: October Average price in West Hollywood: C$ 467/night Cheapest price found: C$ 103/night Cheapest day: Monday Most expensive day: Sunday C$ 199 - C$ 1,629 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. C$ 256 - C$ 697 Average price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Vacation rental prices in West Hollywood 2 stars and under #1 Most popular Cozy Hollywood 522 North Harvard Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, United States C$ 250 View Deal Best prices found by HotelsCombined users in the past 24 hours. Where to stay in West Hollywood Hotels in popular California cities Los Angeles San Francisco San Diego Anaheim Palm Springs Santa Monica Inglewood Garden Grove Monterey Carlsbad Show more Vacation rentals in popular California cities Los Angeles San Francisco San Diego Anaheim Palm Springs Santa Monica Inglewood West Hollywood Garden Grove Monterey Show more Facts about staying in West Hollywood How much does a vacation rental in West Hollywood cost? West Hollywood vacation rentals are C$ 468/night on average. However, you may find that prices fluctuate depending on the time of year. For example, April is the most expensive month to book a vacation rental in West Hollywood, and October is often the cheapest month to book. Recently, our users found rentals for C$ 104/night - which is currently the cheapest price. Keep in mind that anything C$ 320/night or less is still considered a good deal. What is the best West Hollywood vacation rental? Luxury, Hollywood Walk of Fame has a 7.3 rating from 568 users, making it the best West Hollywood vacation rental based on our data. What’s the closest vacation rental to Los Angeles Airport? It’s only 18.2 km from Los Angeles Airport to Cozy Hollywood (the nearest West Hollywood vacation rental to the airport). What part of West Hollywood is best to stay in? Central Los Angeles is the best part of West Hollywood to stay in based on our user data. Out of all our users who looked at West Hollywood vacation rentals, 58% of them looked for stays in the Central Los Angeles neighbourhood in the last year. The Charming 2BR Casita in Front of Park happens to be the most popular vacation rental in the Central Los Angeles neighbourhood of West Hollywood. What’s the most popular vacation rental in West Hollywood near Sunset Strip? If you’re looking for a vacation rental close to Sunset Strip while in West Hollywood, then the most popular is Luxury, Hollywood Walk of Fame with a 7.3/10 review score from 568 users. The distance from Sunset Strip to Luxury, Hollywood Walk of Fame is 3.5 km. Home United States Hotels 934,693 California Hotels 89,379 Los Angeles Hotels 5,828 West Hollywood Hotels 199 West Hollywood Vacation Rentals 167 Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
