https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Whistler_Blackcomb_VR_at_Town_Plaza.htm
Whistler Blackcomb VR at Town Plaza, Whistler | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Whistler Hotels 2,300 Whistler Blackcomb VR at Town Plaza Whistler Blackcomb VR at Town Plaza Aparthotel 4314 Main Street, Whistler, BC, Canada C$ 230 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Whistler Blackcomb VR at Town Plaza Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Whistler Blackcomb VR at Town Plaza Whistler Blackcomb VR at Town Plaza is a comfortable base while visiting Whistler and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers free Wi-Fi and a terrace. There are 4 apartm... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.6 km Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 103.7 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 779 1752 All policies Amenities at Whistler Blackcomb VR at Town Plaza Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Enhanced cleaning Heating Dishwasher Bar/Lounge Spa bath Iron and ironing board Coffee machine Parking Disabled Access Dining room Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Fireplace First-aid kit Carbon monoxide detector Fire extinguisher Kettle Elevator Air-conditioned Kitchen Free toiletries DVD player Show more Activities Fitness centre All amenities Hotels Similar to Whistler Blackcomb VR at Town Plaza Top Whistler hotels Four Seasons Resort Whistler 9.1 Excellent 4591 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Located in Whistler (Blackcomb), Four Seasons Resort Whistler is within a 5-minute walk of Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and within a 5-minute drive of Blackcomb Excalibur Gondola. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. C$ 444 Avg. per night View Deals Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside 8.6 Excellent 4320 Sundial Crescent, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside in Whistler (Whistler Village), you'll be steps from Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and 5 minutes by foot from Audain Art Museum. Featured amenities include express check-out, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. This hotel has 2 meeting rooms available for events. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa 7.8 Good 4050 Whistler Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Daily Resort Charge will be added to the room rate and includes: Guest internet access; ski/bike/golf valet & storage; access to the Courtyard sports and game area featuring tennis, basketball, ping pong, games & BBQs; bike & snowshoe rental; hotel car service within Whistler Village. Relax and unwind at the luxurious, award-winning Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa. The hotel is ideally located in the heart of Whistler Village, host mountain resort of the 2010 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games. Named by Conde Nast as the 10th top resort hotel in Canada, the hotel is steps away from the chairlifts of the legendary Whistler & Blackcomb Mountains and offers an array of world class restaurants, stylish boutiques, and buzzing nightlife at our doorstep. Guestrooms are designed with mountain style elegance and incorporate many natural elements into its design, including indigenous art from the Sea-to-Sky corridor. This Whistler hotel boasts the largest entry level guestrooms in Whistler. Many of the rooms offer jetted soaker tubs and well equipped kitchenettes with full size fridges, microwaves, and stove-tops. The Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa is also a pet friendly hotel, so please feel free to bring your dog or cat with you. Relax in the outdoor heated swimming pool or hot tub and soak up the incredible mountain views. Take advantage of the 24-hour fitness Center and business center. Rejuvenate yourself with our own full-service spa. Soothe away tension whilst treating mind, body and soul to essential nourishment. Tempt your palette at the Cinnamon Bear Grille, signature restaurant of the Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa, specializing in Pacific Northwest Cuisine. In addition to our world class accommodation, our resort is also home to some of Whistler's premiere conference and banquet facilities. Our Whistler hotels Conference Services team specializes in planning and hosting of corporate meetings, weddings and special events in Whistler. We are also conveniently located close to the Whistler Conference Centre, making us the ideal location for breakout meetings, dinners and receptions. Our dedicated team is committed to providing you with every comfort and convenience possible during your stay in Whistler. No matter what your reason for traveling is, we hope you will join us at the Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa. C$ 253 Avg. per night View Deals Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre 8.9 Excellent 4299 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Located in Whistler (Whistler Village), Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre is within a 5-minute walk of Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and Whistler Core Climbing and Fitness Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 266 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Whistler Hotels closest to Whistler Blackcomb VR at Town Plaza Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites 8.1 Excellent 4308 Main Street, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Situated amongst a variety of well-known tourist hot spots, boutiques and restaurants, Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites is ideal for those wanting to discover Whistler and its surroundings. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool. C$ 274 Avg. per night View Deals Pinnacle Hotel Whistler 8.2 Excellent 4319 Main Street, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Pinnacle Hotel Whistler is located in Whistler and offers a Jacuzzi. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 153 Avg. per night View Deals Summit Lodge Boutique Hotel 8.9 Excellent 4359 Main Street, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Summit Lodge Boutique Hotel Whistler provides 4-star accommodation in Whistler. It also features a swimming pool, a ski school and a sauna. C$ 186 Avg. per night View Deals Whistler Cascade Lodge by Vacasa 4315 Northlands Boulevard, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Cascade Lodge by ResortQuest Whistler provides a comfortable setting while in Whistler. It features a spa, as well as a sauna, an outdoor pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 192 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Whistler hotels Hi Whistler 7.8 Good 1035 Legacy Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 7.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada HI Whistler is located in Whistler and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hostel has to offer include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and a sun deck. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals Pangea Pod Hotel 8.3 Excellent 4333 Sunrise Alley, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Pangea Pod Hotel is a comfortable base when in Whistler and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a concierge. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals Riverside Resort 8.5 Excellent 8018 Mons Road, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada The resort is situated in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a free shuttle service and a playground. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals The Best Top Floor Ski-in/Ski-out at the Aspens 7.5 Good Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada The Best Top Floor Ski-in/Ski-out at the Aspens is situated in Whistler and is close to the area's popular attractions. It also offers a ski school and an outdoor pool. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Whistler Recommended hotels Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre 8.9 Excellent 4299 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Situated in Whistler, the hotel is a short walk from Vida Spa Fairmont Chateau Whistler and offers a Jacuzzi, a saltwater swimming pool and a sauna. Guests also have exclusive access to the Whistler Day Spa and Fitness Facility and Swimming Pool. C$ 266 Avg. per night View Deals Legends Whistler 8.4 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Featuring an outdoor pool, ski in/out facilities and a Jacuzzi, Legends is located in Whistler and provides comfortable accommodation. It is also a brief car trip from Peak 2 Peak Gondola and Whistler Blackcomb. C$ 244 Avg. per night View Deals First Tracks Lodge 8.7 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada First Tracks Lodge is located in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. It has a fitness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and ski in/out facilities. C$ 278 Avg. per night View Deals Alpine Lodge Whistler 10.0 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Alpine Lodge Whistler is located in Whistler and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features room service, a sauna and massage services. C$ 3,200 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Whistler Blackcomb VR at Town Plaza All photos (27) Outdoors view (5) Balcony (3) Living room (3) Bathroom (2) Where is Whistler Blackcomb VR at Town Plaza Most Popular Landmarks Whistler Marketplace0.3 km Whistler Golf Club0.5 km Whistler Blackcomb0.8 km Callaghan Valley14.1 km Garibaldi Provincial Park21.2 km Nita Lake3.5 km Getting Around Whistler Vıllage Bus Termınal0.2 km Whistler Village3.5 km FAQs when booking at Whistler Blackcomb VR at Town Plaza Is pricing at Whistler Blackcomb VR at Town Plaza comparable to 3 star hotels in Whistler? The average rate for a night at Whistler Blackcomb VR at Town Plaza is 44% less than the Whistler average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Whistler Blackcomb VR at Town Plaza is typically C$ 360, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Whistler. What is the Whistler Blackcomb VR at Town Plaza phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 604 779 1752 to talk to a Whistler Blackcomb VR at Town Plaza front desk representative. Does Whistler Blackcomb VR at Town Plaza have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Whistler Blackcomb VR at Town Plaza has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Whistler Blackcomb VR at Town Plaza? Yes, Whistler Blackcomb VR at Town Plaza has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at Whistler Blackcomb VR at Town Plaza? 10:00 AM is the check-out time at Whistler Blackcomb VR at Town Plaza. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Whistler Blackcomb VR at Town Plaza, Whistler? A good deal at Whistler Blackcomb VR at Town Plaza right now is between C$ 117 and C$ 360 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Whistler Hotels 2,300 Whistler Blackcomb VR at Town Plaza Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
