https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Resortquest_At_Whistler_Peak_Lodge.htm
Whistler Peak Lodge, Whistler | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Whistler Hotels 2,300 Whistler Peak Lodge Whistler Peak Lodge Hotel 4295 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada GoodBased on 2,447 reviews 7.8 C$ 144 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Whistler Peak Lodge Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Whistler Peak Lodge Situated in Whistler, the hotel is within walking distance of Vida Spa Fairmont Chateau Whistler and provides free Wi-Fi, a Jacuzzi and a swimming pool. It offers a gym, as well as horse riding, minia... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.4 km Rating 7.8 Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 10:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 938 0878 All policies Amenities at Whistler Peak Lodge Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Wine glasses Electric kettle Radio Raised toilet Disabled Access Towels Cribs available Fireplace Fire extinguisher Seating area Elevator Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Shower Dishwasher Iron and ironing board Oven Hot tub Microwave Sofa Alarm clock No smoking Kitchenware Bathtub Spa bath Stovetop Body soap Hairdryer Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Mountain view Air-conditioned Toaster Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Safe Outdoor furniture Trash cans Coffee machine Tumble dryer TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Parking (surcharge) Conditioner Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Private bathroom Walk-in shower Kitchen 24hr front desk Washing machine Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Hiking Fishing Cycling Skiing Fitness centre Horse riding Mini-golf Services 24/7 concierge Ski storage All amenities Hotels Similar to Whistler Peak Lodge Top Whistler hotels Four Seasons Resort Whistler 9.1 Excellent 4591 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Located in Whistler (Blackcomb), Four Seasons Resort Whistler is within a 5-minute walk of Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and within a 5-minute drive of Blackcomb Excalibur Gondola. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. C$ 442 Avg. per night View Deals Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside 8.6 Excellent 4320 Sundial Crescent, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map With a stay at Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside in Whistler (Whistler Village), you'll be steps from Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and 5 minutes by foot from Audain Art Museum. Featured amenities include express check-out, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. This hotel has 2 meeting rooms available for events. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa 7.9 Good 4050 Whistler Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Daily Resort Charge will be added to the room rate and includes: Guest internet access; ski/bike/golf valet & storage; access to the Courtyard sports and game area featuring tennis, basketball, ping pong, games & BBQs; bike & snowshoe rental; hotel car service within Whistler Village. Relax and unwind at the luxurious, award-winning Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa. The hotel is ideally located in the heart of Whistler Village, host mountain resort of the 2010 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games. Named by Conde Nast as the 10th top resort hotel in Canada, the hotel is steps away from the chairlifts of the legendary Whistler & Blackcomb Mountains and offers an array of world class restaurants, stylish boutiques, and buzzing nightlife at our doorstep. Guestrooms are designed with mountain style elegance and incorporate many natural elements into its design, including indigenous art from the Sea-to-Sky corridor. This Whistler hotel boasts the largest entry level guestrooms in Whistler. Many of the rooms offer jetted soaker tubs and well equipped kitchenettes with full size fridges, microwaves, and stove-tops. The Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa is also a pet friendly hotel, so please feel free to bring your dog or cat with you. Relax in the outdoor heated swimming pool or hot tub and soak up the incredible mountain views. Take advantage of the 24-hour fitness Center and business center. Rejuvenate yourself with our own full-service spa. Soothe away tension whilst treating mind, body and soul to essential nourishment. Tempt your palette at the Cinnamon Bear Grille, signature restaurant of the Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa, specializing in Pacific Northwest Cuisine. In addition to our world class accommodation, our resort is also home to some of Whistler's premiere conference and banquet facilities. Our Whistler hotels Conference Services team specializes in planning and hosting of corporate meetings, weddings and special events in Whistler. We are also conveniently located close to the Whistler Conference Centre, making us the ideal location for breakout meetings, dinners and receptions. Our dedicated team is committed to providing you with every comfort and convenience possible during your stay in Whistler. No matter what your reason for traveling is, we hope you will join us at the Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa. C$ 252 Avg. per night View Deals Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre 8.9 Excellent 4299 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map Located in Whistler (Whistler Village), Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre is within a 5-minute walk of Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort and Whistler Core Climbing and Fitness Centre. Featured amenities include express check-out, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 259 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Whistler Hotels closest to Whistler Peak Lodge Whistler Village Inn And Suites 7.7 Good 4429 Sundial Place, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Situated in Whistler, this 3-star property is modern and elegant. It also offers a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 132 Avg. per night View Deals Mountainside Lodge 8.8 Excellent 4417 Sundial Place, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Boasting an outdoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi, Mountainside Lodge - A Shell Vacations Resort is situated in Whistler and provides comfortable accommodation. It also offers babysitting/child services, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception. C$ 156 Avg. per night View Deals Blackcomb Lodge 7.3 Good 4220 Gateway Drive, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel The Blackcomb Lodge is situated in Whistler and features complimentary wireless internet. It also provides an indoor pool, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 220 Avg. per night View Deals Sundial Boutique Hotel 9.0 Excellent 4340 Sundial Crescent, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Featuring ski in/out facilities, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Sundial Boutique Hotel is located in Whistler and provides charming accommodation. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, ski passes and a ski school. C$ 236 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Whistler hotels Hi Whistler 7.8 Good 1035 Legacy Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 7.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada HI Whistler is located in Whistler and provides guests with free Wi-Fi. The various amenities this modern hostel has to offer include a 24-hour reception, meeting rooms and a sun deck. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Pangea Pod Hotel 8.3 Excellent 4333 Sunrise Alley, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Pangea Pod Hotel is a comfortable base when in Whistler and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, free Wi-Fi and a concierge. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals Riverside Resort 8.5 Excellent 8018 Mons Road, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada The resort is situated in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a free shuttle service and a playground. C$ 92 Avg. per night View Deals The Best Top Floor Ski-in/Ski-out at the Aspens 7.5 Good Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada The Best Top Floor Ski-in/Ski-out at the Aspens is situated in Whistler and is close to the area's popular attractions. It also offers a ski school and an outdoor pool. C$ 121 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Whistler Recommended hotels Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre 8.9 Excellent 4299 Blackcomb Way, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Situated in Whistler, the hotel is a short walk from Vida Spa Fairmont Chateau Whistler and offers a Jacuzzi, a saltwater swimming pool and a sauna. Guests also have exclusive access to the Whistler Day Spa and Fitness Facility and Swimming Pool. C$ 259 Avg. per night View Deals Legends Whistler 8.4 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.8 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Featuring an outdoor pool, ski in/out facilities and a Jacuzzi, Legends is located in Whistler and provides comfortable accommodation. It is also a brief car trip from Peak 2 Peak Gondola and Whistler Blackcomb. C$ 243 Avg. per night View Deals Whistler Cascade Lodge by Vacasa 4315 Northlands Boulevard, Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada Cascade Lodge by ResortQuest Whistler provides a comfortable setting while in Whistler. It features a spa, as well as a sauna, an outdoor pool and a 24-hour reception. C$ 191 Avg. per night View Deals First Tracks Lodge 8.7 Excellent Whistler, BC, Canada Show on map 3.9 km from city centre, Whistler, BC, Canada First Tracks Lodge is located in Whistler and is close to Whistler Blackcomb. It has a fitness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and ski in/out facilities. C$ 275 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Whistler Peak Lodge 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.8 GoodBased on 2,447 verified guest reviews 7.6Families 7.9Friends 7.8Couples 8.0Solo Traveller type: Families Friends Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Whistler Peak Lodge All photos (13) Bedroom (3) Living room (3) Building (2) Dining room (2) Where is Whistler Peak Lodge Most Popular Landmarks Whistler Blackcomb0.5 km Whistler Golf Club0.5 km Whistler Marketplace0.5 km Callaghan Valley14.2 km Garibaldi Provincial Park21.0 km Nita Lake3.5 km Getting Around Whistler Vıllage Bus Termınal0.2 km Whistler Village3.4 km FAQs when booking at Whistler Peak Lodge Is pricing at Whistler Peak Lodge comparable to 3 star hotels in Whistler? The average rate for a night at Whistler Peak Lodge is 14% less than the Whistler average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Whistler Peak Lodge is typically C$ 234, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Whistler. What is the Whistler Peak Lodge phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 604 938 0878 to talk to a Whistler Peak Lodge front desk representative. Does Whistler Peak Lodge have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Whistler Peak Lodge has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Whistler Peak Lodge? Whistler Peak Lodge does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Whistler Peak Lodge? Whistler Peak Lodge check-out time is 10:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Whistler Peak Lodge, Whistler? C$ 67 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Whistler Peak Lodge, with average deals around C$ 234 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Whistler Hotels 2,300 Whistler Peak Lodge Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
