https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Wingate_by_Wyndham_Calgary_Airport.htm
Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport, Calgary | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport Hotel 57 Freeport Crescent Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada ExcellentBased on 2,560 reviews 8.5 C$ 113 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport Conveniently located moments from Calgary International Airport, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in Calgary. It also provides meeting rooms, an indoor pool and an express check-in and check... More Good to Know To Downtown 11.0 km Rating 8.5 Nearest airport Calgary Distance to airport 2.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Internet Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 587 393 0700 All policies Amenities at Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Heated pool Smoke alarms Heating Breakfast included Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Interconnected room(s) available Indoor pool Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Complimentary breakfast Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Picnic area Long-term parking (surcharge) Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Radio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Towels Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Shower Iron and ironing board Shower chair Accessible by elevator First-aid kit Microwave Snack bar Socket near the bed Sofa Alarm clock Sofa bed Allergy-free room Enhanced cleaning Soundproof rooms Bathtub Body soap Swimming pool toys Tea/coffee maker Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails Clothes rack Trash cans Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Desk Vending machine (drinks) Dining area Dining table Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Casino Fitness centre Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Free airport shuttle Conference rooms Shuttle service (free) Wedding services All amenities Hotels Similar to Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport Top Calgary hotels The Fairmont Palliser 8.3 Excellent 133 9th Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Fairmont Palliser is the prime spot for enjoying Calgary. Nestled in the heart of this vibrant city, this landmark hotel is a stone's throw from Bow River and the greenery of Prince's Island Park. Stroll to the famed Peace Bridge or Fort Calgary heritage C$ 256 Avg. per night View Deals Grey Eagle Resort 8.5 Excellent 3779 Grey Eagle Drive Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Grey Eagle Resort and Casino, located in Calgarys SW and only minutes from downtown, here you will be sitting on the Doorstep of the Rockies with unparalleled comfort and amenities. In addition to our resort a 2400 seat Event Center for Concerts, large Trade Shows, conventions, and meetings. The resort offers complimentary parking, Wi-Fi, indoor pool, outdoor hot tub and a spacious state of the art fitness centre with digital equipment. Our casino is one of Albertas most popular, which features a modern design with elegance that flows through the entire resort. The resort has everything you could need at a home away from home. Attractions nearby Chinook Centre Mall, The World Famous Stampede Park, Calaway Park, Canada Olympic Park, Calgary Zoo and Heritage Park, Glenmore Reservoir, Trail System, Kananaskis Country and much more. Welcome to a completely new experience here at Calgarys new first class resort and casino. C$ 154 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Le Germain Calgary 8.9 Excellent 899 Centre Street Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map Nestled at the foot of the Calgary Tower in Calgarys downtown area, were just steps away from the Arts Commons Centre, the TELUS Convention Centre and Stephen Avenue Walk. The hotel features 143 boldly designed hotel rooms in a state-of-the-art complex fully outfitted with eco-friendly technologies for your utmost comfort. The hotel is an hour drive from Rockies. C$ 247 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Elan 1122 16 Avenue Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map With a stay at Hotel Elan, you'll be centrally located in Calgary, convenient to Lougheed House and Calgary Tower. This 4-star hotel is within close proximity of Mewata Armoury and Herringer Kiss Gallery.Rooms Make yourself at home in one of the 62 guestrooms featuring microwaves and plasma televisions. Your room comes with a pillowtop bed. Complimentary wireless Internet access keeps you connected, and cable programming is available for your entertainment. Private bathrooms have hair dryers and bathrobes. Take advantage of recreation opportunities such as a fitness center, or other amenities including complimentary wireless Internet access and a television in the lobby.Dining A complimentary continental breakfast is served daily.Business, Other Amenities Featured amenities include complimentary high-speed (wired) Internet access, dry cleaning/laundry services, and an elevator (lift). Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 115 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Calgary Hotels closest to Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport Park Inn by Radisson, Calgary Airport North, AB 8.7 Excellent 27 Freeport Crescent Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel The hotel provides 2-star accommodation in Calgary, just minutes from Calgary International Airport. It offers free Wi-Fi, an express check-in and check-out feature and a swimming pool. C$ 99 Avg. per night View Deals Wyndham Garden Calgary Airport 8.6 Excellent 11 Freeport Cres Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located in Calgary, the hotel has direct access to Calgary International Airport and offers a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. It features a fitness centre, as well as a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and check-out feature and meeting rooms. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals Comfort Inn & Suites Airport North 8.0 Excellent 147 Freeport Crescent Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in Calgary, Comfort Inn & Suites Airport North provides direct access to Calgary International Airport and offers an indoor pool, free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi. It also features an airport shuttle, laundry facilities and meeting rooms. C$ 107 Avg. per night View Deals Hampton Inn by Hilton Calgary Airport North 8.6 Excellent 2000 2021 100 Avenue Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 1.1 km from current hotel The hotel offers 3-star accommodation in Calgary, just minutes from Calgary International Airport. It also provides a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Calgary hotels Hi Calgary City Centre - Hostel 8.2 Excellent 520 7 Avenue Southeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada HI Calgary City Centre Hostel provides a comfortable setting when in Calgary. It also offers meeting rooms, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Canadas Best Value Inn Chinook Station 4.3 Okay 5307 Macleod Trail Southwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Canadas Best Value Inn Chinook Station offers a comfortable setting when in Calgary. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, meeting rooms and an outdoor pool. C$ 45 Avg. per night View Deals Calgary Star Cozy Home 6.7 Good 20 Bermuda Close Northwest Calgary AB t3k 1g1, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 9.2 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Situated in Calgary, the guest house is within a 10-minute drive of Calgary International Airport and offers a sauna. It is conveniently positioned for those wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Calgary Cozy Home 8.8 Excellent 634 Varsity Estates Crescent Northwest, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 9.8 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Calgary Cozy Home is located in Calgary and offers guests free Wi-Fi. It also provides a sauna. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Calgary Recommended hotels Holiday Inn Express Airport Calgary, An IHG Hotel 7.8 Good 45 Hopewell Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 7.2 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Featuring an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi, this Calgary hotel is conveniently situated minutes from Calgary International Airport. It provides a fitness centre, as well as meeting rooms, a beauty centre and water slides. C$ 135 Avg. per night View Deals Element Calgary Airport 8.3 Excellent 2855 Sundridge Way Northeast, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Located within walking distance of Rundle Station, Element Calgary Airport offers guests a convenient base when in Calgary. It also offers a 24-hour reception, an express check-in and check-out feature and an indoor pool. C$ 128 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Calgary S-Macleod Trail S, An IHG Hotel 6.5 Good 12025 Lake Fraser Drive, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 11.3 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Holiday Inn Express Calgary South provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Calgary. It has a fitness centre, as well as a beauty centre, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 143 Avg. per night View Deals Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District 9.0 Excellent 610 10th Avenue SW, Calgary, AB, Canada Show on map 0.6 km from city centre, Calgary, AB, Canada Less than a 20-minute walk from Downtown West-Kerby C-Train Station, Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District offers guests a convenient base while visiting Calgary. It is located in the area's popular nightlife district, about a five-minute walk from Eighth Avenue Place. C$ 184 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.5 GreatBased on 2,559 verified guest reviews 8.3Solo 8.5Couples 8.7Friends 8.3Families Traveller type: Solo Couples Friends Families Sort by: Date B 9.5 Excellent bolt109, Apr. 2018 very nice hotel Photos of Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport All photos (29) Bedroom (4) Bathroom (3) Lobby (3) Restaurant (3) Where is Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport Most Popular Landmarks McMahon Stadium10.2 km Olympic Oval10.5 km Eau Claire Market Mall10.6 km Downtown Calgary10.8 km Calgary Zoo10.8 km Fort Calgary Historic Park11.0 km Getting Around Calgary Marlborough Way Ne10.3 km Calgary Memorial Drive - 12 4 St Ne10.4 km Calgary Hilton Garden Inn10.9 km Calgary 205 9 Ave SE11.2 km Calgary Foothills Hospital11.5 km Calgary Greyhound Terminal11.9 km FAQs when booking at Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport Is pricing at Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport comparable to 3 star hotels in Calgary? The average rate for a night at Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport is 29% less than the Calgary average for similarly rated 3 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport is typically C$ 118, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Calgary. How close is Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport to the nearest airport, Calgary Airport? The distance between the closest airport, Calgary Airport, and Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport is 2.2 km and the expected drive time is about 0h 01m. Your drive time between the two can vary based on the time of day and traffic trends of the area. What is the best way for guests to get from Calgary Airport to Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport? Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Calgary, renting a car for around C$ 33/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Calgary Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. Those not looking to rent a car while visiting Calgary can always take the shuttle from Calgary Airport which is provided by Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Calgary Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport considered pet-friendly? Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport welcomes most household pets. Is there a pool at Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport? Yes, Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport from the Calgary city center? Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport is 10.3 km away from the center of Bridgeland/Riverside, Calgary. Consider visiting Calgary Tower, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport by various forms of transportation. What is the Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport phone number? You can reach the front desk of Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport at +1 587 393 0700. Does Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport? Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport does have a gym on-site. The gym area is only open to hotel guests and the hours and rules can change drastically from hotel to hotel. It is recommended that you contact the front desk with questions. What is the check-out time at Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport? Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport, Calgary? Prices at Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 118, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 72. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Home Canada Hotels 51,693 Alberta Hotels 4,319 Calgary Hotels 1,132 Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
