https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Wons_Ville_Myeongdong.htm
Won's Ville Myeongdong, Seoul | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Won's Ville Myeongdong Won's Ville Myeongdong Guest house 162-3, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea C$ 59 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 ...and more Best Deals for Won's Ville Myeongdong Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sun 20/11 - Mon 21/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sun 20/11 Mon 21/11 Check prices ...and more About Won's Ville Myeongdong Situated only a short walk from Myeong-dong Subway Station (Line 4), Won's Ville Myeongdong offers guests an ideal base when visiting Seoul. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit l... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.0 km Nearest airport Seoul All airports Distance to airport 1.2 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +82 (0) 22 269 1515 All policies Amenities at Won's Ville Myeongdong Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Enhanced cleaning Computer use available Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Hairdryer Kettle Laundry facilities Elevator Air-conditioned Refrigerator Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Safe Heating Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Show more Services Ticket service Business centre Daily housekeeping Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Airport shuttle (surcharge) All amenities Hotels Similar to Won's Ville Myeongdong Top Seoul hotels Imperial Palace Seoul 8.2 Excellent 640 Eonju ro Gangnam gu, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map With a stay at Imperial Palace Seoul, you'll be centrally located in Seoul, within a 5-minute drive of Hyundai Department Store and Starfield COEX Mall. Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-out. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 754 Avg. per night View Deals Intercontinental Seoul Coex 8.7 Excellent 524, Bongeunsa-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located at the heart of Gangnam, one of the hottest places in Korea, InterContinental Seoul COEX is a modern, stylish business hotel perfectly suited for guests for an entertaining and relaxing experience. Overlooking Bongeunsa Temple that represents the traditional beauty of Korea, guests can enjoy shopping, culture, and leisure thanks to its direct access to COEX Mall, and casino. C$ 228 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Hyatt Seoul 8.0 Excellent 322, Sowol-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Grand Hyatt Seoul, in the heart of South Korea's capital city, is set on historic Mount Namsan amid 18 acres of waterfalls and landscaped hotel gardens, and offers grand luxury combined with the relaxing comforts of home. C$ 230 Avg. per night View Deals Swiss Grand Hotel 7.7 Good 353 Yeonhui-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map Located in Seoul (Seodaemun-gu), Swiss Grand Hotel is within a 10-minute drive of Yeonsei University and Gyeongui Line Forest Park. Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Seoul? This hotel has facilities measuring 16534 square feet (1536 square meters), including a conference center. Free self parking is available onsite. C$ 148 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Seoul Hotels closest to Won's Ville Myeongdong ibis Styles Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong 7.9 Good 302, Samil-Daero, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Seoul, Ibis Styles Ambassador Seoul Myeong-dong offers stylish, 3-star accommodation close to Myeongdong Cathedral. It also provides a rooftop terrace, a sauna and free Wi-Fi. C$ 88 Avg. per night View Deals Sejong Hotel 8.0 Excellent 145, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Sejong Hotel is situated in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is set amongst a variety of popular eateries and is moments on foot from Myeong-dong Subway Station (Line 4). C$ 103 Avg. per night View Deals Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2 7.9 Good 16 Supyo-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated in Central Seoul, Staz Hotel Myeongdong 2 is a short walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. Guests can also enjoy free Wi-Fi during their stay. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Skypark Myeongdong Iii 8.3 Excellent 139, Toegye-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Located in Central Seoul, this hotel is within walking distance of Namsangol Hanok Village and the Bank of Korea Museum. It boasts views of Myeong-dong and is a brief walk from Myeongdong Cathedral. C$ 65 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Seoul hotels Mamas And Papas Guesthouse And Apartments In Seoul 7.0 Good 47, Eoulmadang-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located in Mapo-gu, this guest house is within easy walking distance of Hongdae Area, Hongik University and Surrounding Area of Hongik University. It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace and laundry facilities. C$ 13 Avg. per night View Deals N guesthouse Itawon - Hostel 24-4, Noksapyeong-Daero 26ga-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Located a short walk from Noksapyeong Subway Station (Line 6), N Guesthouse Itaewon is an ideal base when in Seoul. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, a rooftop terrace and luggage storage. C$ 17 Avg. per night View Deals Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae 4.7 Okay 67-6, Yeonnam-ro 1-Gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 6.1 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Kimchee Guesthouse Hongdae is situated in Seoul and is close to local sightseeing spots, including Hongdae Happy Day Spa, Hongdae Area and Rolling Hall. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a tour desk. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals City Park Hotel 8.1 Excellent 89, Donhwamun-ro, Jongno-Gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea This Central Seoul motel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to the Jongmyo, Changdeokgung Palace and Bukchon Hanok Village. It is situated a brief walk from Changgyeong Palace. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Seoul Recommended hotels D7 Suites 20-8, Jong-ro 56-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea D7 Suites is located in Seoul and features free Wi-Fi. It is situated a brief walk from Heunginjimun. C$ 60 Avg. per night View Deals Novotel Suites Ambassador Seoul Yongsan 8.4 Excellent 95, Cheongpa-ro 20-Gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Just a 10-minute walk from Sinyongsan Subway Station (Line 4), the hotel has an accessible location, making it an ideal place to stay while in Seoul. It provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a Jacuzzi. C$ 214 Avg. per night View Deals ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong 7.9 Good 31, Samil-Daero 30-Gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.5 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Ibis Ambassador Seoul Insadong is situated in Central Seoul, just 35 minutes from Gimpo International Airport. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and a coffee bar. C$ 99 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul 8.4 Excellent 279, Cheonggyecheon-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea Show on map 2.7 km from city centre, Seoul, South Korea Set just a short stroll from Heunginjimun, this sophisticated hotel features both a restaurant and a bar. Guests also have exclusive access to the Provence Spa By L’OCCITANE and Indoor Swimming pool. C$ 295 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Photos of Won's Ville Myeongdong All photos (27) Bedroom (8) Bathroom (3) Outdoors view (3) Front desk (2) Where is Won's Ville Myeongdong Most Popular Landmarks Dongdaemun Market1.9 km Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool12.8 km Dongdaemun Gate2.1 km Gyeongbokgung Palace2.2 km Yeouido Park7.0 km COEX Mall8.0 km Getting Around Seoul Bus1.8 km Seoul Yongsan4.1 km Seoul Cheongnyangni5.7 km Seoul Sangbong9.3 km FAQs when booking at Won's Ville Myeongdong Is pricing at Won's Ville Myeongdong comparable to 2 star hotels in Seoul? There is a 46% difference in the average nightly rate of 2 stars hotels in Seoul and the average nightly rate at Won's Ville Myeongdong. The rate at Won's Ville Myeongdong is just C$ 69/night and is considered a very good deal when staying in Seoul. How close is Won's Ville Myeongdong to the nearest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport? There are 16.7 km between the closest airport, Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport, and Won's Ville Myeongdong. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 12m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Won's Ville Myeongdong? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is Won's Ville Myeongdong from the Seoul city center? The center of Jung-gu, Seoul, is just 0.4 km away from the front doors of Won's Ville Myeongdong. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Lotte World, which you can get to from Won's Ville Myeongdong using any means of transportation. What is the Won's Ville Myeongdong phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +82 (0) 22 269 1515 to talk to a Won's Ville Myeongdong front desk representative. Does Won's Ville Myeongdong have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Won's Ville Myeongdong has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Won's Ville Myeongdong? Won's Ville Myeongdong check-out time is 12:00 PM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Won's Ville Myeongdong, Seoul? Prices at Won's Ville Myeongdong will vary depending on when you plan to stay and what room type you require. The average nightly room price recently has been C$ 69, though some users have found rates as low as C$ 51. To see prices for your dates, enter them in the form above. Is there a restaurant at Won's Ville Myeongdong? There is a restaurant located in Won's Ville Myeongdong. Please contact them for kitchen hours. Does Won's Ville Myeongdong have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Won's Ville Myeongdong that can be used by guests. How far is Won's Ville Myeongdong from Dongdaemun Gate? Dongdaemun Gate in Seoul is 2.1 km away from Won's Ville Myeongdong. Is Won's Ville Myeongdong close to Gwanghwamun? Walking distance - there’s 2 km between Gwanghwamun and Won's Ville Myeongdong. Home South Korea Hotels 33,700 Seoul Hotels 4,720 Won's Ville Myeongdong Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
