https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Wyndham_Boston_Beacon_Hill.htm
Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill, Boston | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill Hotel 5 Blossom Street, Boston, MA, United States GoodBased on 1,929 reviews 7.6 C$ 197 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill offers views of Boston, as well as an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently close to Logan International Airport, which is a 10-minute drive away. The hot... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Rating 7.6 Nearest airport Boston Logan Intl Distance to airport 4.8 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 617 742 7630 All policies Amenities at Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Radio Entire unit wheelchair accessible Disabled Access Roll-in shower Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Feather pillow Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Smoke alarms Heating Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing rules Socket near the bed Alarm clock Key card access Enhanced cleaning No smoking Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Express check-out Parking Body soap Hairdryer Bottle of water Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Carpeted Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Safe Trash cans Coffee machine Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Smartphone dock Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Bathrobe Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Storage available Private parking Show more Services Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk Key access Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill Top Boston hotels The Ritz-Carlton Boston 8.5 Excellent 10 Avery Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map Perfectly located in the center of the city and only minutes from the financial district, theater district and the Freedom Trail, The Ritz-Carlton, Boston is a luxury hotel in Boston, Massachusetts. In 2017, the hotel's 193 guest rooms and suites, public space, and meeting rooms underwent a $13 million redesign, creating a contemporary, luxurious environment. The guestroom redesign offers a modern approach to luxury with a personalized relax, work, and sleep experience. Artisan Bistro and Avery Bar, the hotel’s restaurant and lounge, take an artisanal approach to creating locally inspired fare and hand-crafted cocktails. C$ 1,000 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental Boston 8.0 Excellent 776 Boylston Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map A stay at Mandarin Oriental Boston places you in the heart of Boston, steps from Newbury Street and Prudential Tower. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Boston? This hotel has facilities measuring 10000 square feet (929 square meters), including a meeting room. C$ 862 Avg. per night View Deals The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston 8.3 Excellent 215 Charles Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston blends history, sophistication and hometown warmth—the ideal place for a quintessentially Boston experience. Located at the foot of Beacon Hill, our hotel is steps away from outdoor fun on the Esplanade and posh shopping along Charles Street. A national historic landmark and architectural gem built in 1851, this refined 298-room hotel originated as the storied Charles Street Jail. Today, our prominent location showcases sweeping views of the Boston city skyline and the Charles River, along with five distinct food and beverage venues and 14,000 square feet of meeting space. Reserve your stay at The Liberty Hotel and delight in our rich history, unique architecture and a team of passionate New England natives, ready to create an unrivaled guest experience in Boston, MA. C$ 470 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map With the magnificent backdrop of Fort Point Channel, immerse yourself in luxury at InterContinental® Boston. Located in downtown Boston, our AAA Four Diamond hotel offers exquisite, renovated rooms and suites with sweeping views. Journey through history at the US Constitution and the Boston Tea Party and Ships Museums, Faneuil Hall, and the Freedom Trail. With views of the Boston Harbor, host your event in our sophisticated venue and revel at the beauty of Boston’s nature and rich heritage. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Boston Hotels closest to Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill Cozy Furnished Studio in Beacon Hill #4 7.3 Good Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Cozy Furnished Studio in Beacon Hill 4 is situated in Boston and is close to the area's tourist attractions. It is located a brief walk from Boston Massacre, Boston Commons and Faneuil Hall. C$ 237 Avg. per night View Deals The Liberty, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Boston 8.3 Excellent 215 Charles Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Situated in Boston, this 5-star property is trendy and modern. The multiple amenities this unique hotel offers include 24-hour room service, valet parking and an express check-in and check-out feature. C$ 470 Avg. per night View Deals 94 Charles Street by Thatch 8.5 Excellent Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located amongst popular tourist hot spots, boutiques and dining options, 94 Charles Street by Short Term Rentals Boston is ideal for those wishing to discover Boston and its surroundings. It provides laundry facilities and free Wi-Fi, and is an easy stroll from Public Garden, Boston Commons and Boston African American National Historic Site. C$ 340 Avg. per night View Deals Boston Omni Parker House Hotel 8.2 Excellent 60 School Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Boston Omni Parker House Hotel allows for easy access to Boston's main sightseeing areas. It also features a rooftop terrace and a fitness centre. C$ 257 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Boston hotels Hi Boston Hostel 8.3 Excellent 19 Stuart St., Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States HI - Boston Hostel provides modern accommodation in Boston and is within walking distance of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently located in the city centre. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Found Hotel Boston Common 7.8 Good 78 Charles Street South, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States This Boston hotel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Herald Street MBTA Subway Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 67 Avg. per night View Deals Boston Homestel 7.1 Good 36 Moseley Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 4.5 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located in Boston, the hostel is within easy reach of Back Bay and Port of Boston. It also provides a shared kitchen. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals The Farrington Inn 6.3 Good 23 Farrington Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States The Farrington Inn is set in Boston and is within a 10-minute walk of Harvard Avenue MBTA Subway Station. It also provides an express check-in and check-out feature, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 96 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Boston Recommended hotels Perkins Inn 32 Perkins Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 6.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Situated within walking distance of Back of the Hill MBTA Subway Station, this comfortable bed and breakfast is an ideal base for those wanting to explore Boston and its surrounds. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 151 Avg. per night View Deals InterContinental Boston 8.6 Excellent 510 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Set in the centre of Boston, InterContinental Boston is situated near South Station, and provides easy access to local dining and nightlife options. It provides a spa and wellness centre, as well as an indoor pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and a sauna. C$ 408 Avg. per night View Deals W Boston 8.5 Excellent 100 Stuart Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Located a short walk from Herald Street MBTA Subway Station, W Boston is a convenient base when visiting Boston. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 348 Avg. per night View Deals Newbury Guest House 8.9 Excellent 261 Newbury Street, Boston, MA, United States Show on map 2.4 km from city centre, Boston, MA, United States Newbury Guest House provides charming 3-star accommodation in Boston. It is close to Newbury Street, dining options and shops. C$ 246 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.6 GoodBased on 1,929 verified guest reviews 7.4Families 7.7Couples 7.7Solo 7.6Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill All photos (38) Bedroom (9) Bathroom (3) Restaurant (3) Lounge (3) Where is Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill Most Popular Landmarks TD Garden0.7 km Boston Common0.7 km Quincy Market1.0 km Faneuil Hall Marketplace1.0 km Copley Place1.8 km Prudential Center2.1 km Getting Around Boston State House0.5 km Boston North0.7 km Boston Surface Artery at North St1.0 km Boston 85 Bedford St1.1 km Boston Park Plaza1.1 km Boston 84 Harrison Ave1.3 km FAQs when booking at Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill Is pricing at Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill comparable to 3 star hotels in Boston? Hotels in Boston that are rated 3 stars generally cost C$ 316/night, but on average, Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill is available for 45% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill for C$ 235/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Boston. How close is Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill to the nearest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport? There are 4.8 km between the closest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport, and Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 03m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Boston Logan Intl Airport to Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill? Getting from Boston Logan Intl Airport to Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 60/day in Boston. Luckily, Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Boston Logan Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill considered pet-friendly? Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill is pet friendly. Feel free to bring your household pet if you’re staying at Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill. Is there a pool at Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Boston often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill from the Boston city center? Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill is just 0.3 km away from the center of West End, Boston. From Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Museum of Fine Arts. What is the Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill phone number? You can reach the front desk of Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill at +1 617 742 7630. Does Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill, Boston? On average, guests have been paying C$ 235 per night to stay at Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 155 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill? Yes, food can be ordered from the Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill restaurant. Opening times may vary. The hotel also has a bar. Does Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill have a laundry service? Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill from Museum of Science? You can walk to Museum of Science while staying at Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill - you’ll be about 0.8 km away. Is Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill close to New England Aquarium? If you want to see New England Aquarium while visiting Boston, Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill is just 1.4 km away. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Massachusetts Hotels 14,199 Boston Hotels 1,621 Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
