https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Wyndham_Alltra_Cancun_Resort.htm
Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort, Cancún | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort Resort Boulevard Kukulkan, Km. 11.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico ExcellentBased on 1,612 reviews 8.7 C$ 384 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort offers a luxury base in Cancun and features a swimming pool, complimentary wireless internet and free private parking on-site. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-co... More Good to Know To Downtown 8.5 km Rating 8.7 Nearest airport Cancun Distance to airport 15.7 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +52 998 881 7300 All policies Amenities at Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Family rooms Fan Gift shop Laundry facilities Ironing service Packed lunches Shops (on site) Room service Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Child pool Outdoor pool Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Cable or satellite TV Air-conditioned Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Pants press Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool with a view Coffee shop Private bathroom Kitchen 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Steam room Storage available Private parking Spa and wellness centre Non-smoking rooms available Beachfront Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Beach towels Linens Safety deposit box Elevator Pool bar Iron and ironing board First-aid kit Snack bar Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Breakfast in the room Telephone Refrigerator Chapel/shrine Toilet Safe Sauna Coffee machine Water slide Show more Activities Eco tourism Game room Evening entertainment Fitness centre Indoor play area Kids' club Kids' outdoor play equipment Mini-golf Playground Water park Pool table Massage Services Babysitting or child care Business centre Car rental Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Entertainment staff Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Spa Shuttle service (additional charge) Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort Top Cancún hotels Excellence Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only 10.0 Excellent Prolongacion Bonampak Mz 1 Lt 10, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Playa Mujeres, this beachfront property is next to a golf course and within 1 mi (2 km) of Punta Sam Ferry Terminal and Mujeres Beach. Playa Mujeres Golf Club is 1.7 mi (2.7 km) away. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Ziva Cancun 9.0 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan, Manzana 51, Lote 7, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera hotel is just steps from Delphinus Dreams and Gaviota Azul Beach. Cancun Convention Center and Forum Beach are also within 10 minutes. C$ 777 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Zilara Cancun - Adults Only 9.0 Excellent Blvd Kukulcan Km 11.5 HZ, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Zona Hotelera, this beachfront property is in the entertainment district and within a 5-minute walk of Costa Occidental de Isla Mujeres National Park and Chac Mool Beach. La Isla Shopping Mall and Cancun Interactive Aquarium are also within 1 mi (2 km). C$ 741 Avg. per night View Deals Crown Paradise Club Cancun 7.7 Good Boulevard Kukulcan Km 18.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera property is within a 10-minute walk of Delfines Beach and El Rey Ruins. Aquaworld and Maya Cancun Museum are also within 3 mi (5 km). C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Cancún Hotels closest to Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort Hyatt Zilara Cancun - Adults Only 9.0 Excellent Blvd Kukulcan Km 11.5 HZ, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Contemporary and relaxed, Hyatt Zilara Cancun - All Inclusive - Adults Only is situated in Cancun and provides an outdoor pool, a private beach and outdoor tennis courts. Some of the features provided at this unique 5-star resort include free Wi-Fi, a Turkish steam bath and a rooftop terrace. C$ 741 Avg. per night View Deals Grand Park Royal Cancun 8.3 Excellent Boulevard Kukulkan Km 10.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located in Cancun, Grand Park Royal Luxury Resort Cancun offers elegant 4-star accommodation, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a private beach. It also provides an all-inclusive meal plan, a rooftop terrace and a sauna. C$ 320 Avg. per night View Deals Flamingo Cancun Resort 7.0 Good Blvd. Kukulcan Km. 11, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Offering a private beach and an outdoor pool, this 4-star resort is located in Cancun. It also offers a Jacuzzi, a swimming pool and a rooftop terrace. C$ 118 Avg. per night View Deals Sunset Royal Beach Resort 8.4 Excellent Blvd. Kukulkan Km. 10 Zona Hotelera, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel Offering a private beach and an outdoor pool, this 4-star resort is situated in Cancun. It also offers valet parking, a kids pool and an all-inclusive meal plan. C$ 278 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Cancún hotels Nirvana Hotel & Hostel - Cancun Hotel Zone 6.6 Good Av. Pok Ta Pok, Lote 4, Hotel Zone, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Nirvana Hostel Cancun is situated in Cancun and provides free Wi-Fi. Guests have access to a sun deck and an outdoor pool. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Downtown 7.3 Good Av. Tulum nº 75, Sm. 22, Mz. 26, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico The hostel is set amongst Cancun's popular tourist attractions, just a short walk from Cancun Bus Station. It is ideally situated in the city centre. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone 7.3 Good Blvd. Kukulcan 9, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone provides a comfortable setting while in Cancun. It also features an outdoor pool, massage services and free Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Franks house 'Shared House' 9.1 Excellent Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Frank's house Cancun provides a comfortable setting when in Cancun. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a Jacuzzi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Cancún Recommended hotels Riu Cancun 7.1 Good Blvd. Kukulcan, Km 9, Manzana 50, Lote 5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring an on-site night club and a beauty centre, Riu Cancun All Inclusive is situated in Cancun and offers 4-star accommodation. It also provides an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 363 Avg. per night View Deals The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun 10.0 Excellent Carretera Cancun-Chetumal Km. 36.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 18.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Offering a private beach and an outdoor swimming pool, this 5-star resort is located in Cancun. It also offers a kids club, valet parking and a playground. C$ 708 Avg. per night View Deals Now Emerald Cancun 7.8 Good Blvd. Kukulkan Km 19.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring outdoor tennis courts, a swimming pool and an infinity pool, Now Emerald Cancun is situated in Cancun and offers modern accommodation. It provides a day spa, as well as a sun deck, an all-inclusive meal plan and a sauna. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Antillano 7.7 Good Avenida Tulum y Claveles,1 Lote 20, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Situated a short walk from Cancun Bus Station, Hotel Antillano is an ideal base when in Cancun. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.7 GreatBased on 1,612 verified guest reviews 8.6Friends 8.6Families 8.7Couples 8.6Solo Traveller type: Friends Families Couples Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort All photos (48) Other (15) Restaurant (9) Balcony (5) Pool (4) Where is Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort Most Popular Landmarks Playa Gaviota Azul1.7 km Playa Tortugas2.5 km Iberostar Golf Club Cancun6.7 km Puerto Cancun6.9 km Playa Delfines7.1 km Getting Around Cancún Plaza Flamingos0.4 km Cancún Plaza La Isla Cancun0.7 km Cancún Live Aqua Beach Resort1.6 km Cancún All Ritmo Resort10.4 km Cancún Punta Nizuc Gaviota Azul Beach10.4 km Cancún Plaza Emprendedor11.0 km FAQs when booking at Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort How close is Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort to the nearest airport, Cancun Airport? At just 15.7 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Cancun Airport, to Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort is 0h 12m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Cancun Airport to Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort? Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort has parking for hotel guests so for most visitors spending time in Cancún, renting a car for around C$ 20/day may be the best option. This will give you the ability to get to and from Cancun Airport, and also give you the flexibility to get around the area. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Cancun Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort? Yes, Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort from the Cancún city center? The center of Hotel Zone, Cancún, is just 1.5 km away from the front doors of Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Playa Delfines, which you can get to from Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort using any means of transportation. What is the Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort phone number? The best way to contact Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort is by calling +52 998 881 7300. Does Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort. What is the check-out time at Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort? 12:00 PM is the check-out time at Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel. How much does it cost to stay at Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort, Cancún? C$ 262 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort, with average deals around C$ 606 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort? Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort, Cancún. A bar is also available on-site. Does Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort, Cancún. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort from Delphinus Punta Cancún? Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort is a walkable distance (2.3 km) from Delphinus Punta Cancún, Cancún. Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Wyndham Alltra Cancun Resort Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
