https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Wynn_Las_Vegas.htm
Wynn Las Vegas, Las Vegas | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Wynn Las Vegas Wynn Las Vegas Hotel 3131 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States ExcellentBased on 1,584 reviews 9.0 C$ 351 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Wynn Las Vegas Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Wynn Las Vegas With its own casino, XS and a luxury spa centre, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It is steps from Wynn Las Vegas, eateries and nightlife options. Wynn Las ... More Good to Know To Downtown 5.9 km Rating 9.0 Nearest airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 4.9 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Internet Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 702 770 7000 All policies Amenities at Wynn Las Vegas Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General ATM on-site Spa and wellness centre Non-smoking rooms available Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Safety deposit box Gift shop Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Minibar Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shops (on site) Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Slippers Additional bathroom Hot tub Interconnected room(s) available Outdoor pool Additional toilet Alarm clock Enhanced cleaning Bathtub Restaurant Bar/Lounge Spa bath Express check-out Hairdryer Breakfast in the room Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Chapel/shrine Toilet All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Sauna TV Free parking Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Valet parking Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Dining area Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Night club Storage available Show more Activities Massage Casino Golf Evening entertainment Cooking classes Fitness centre Pay-per-view channels Services Conference rooms Wedding services Ticket service Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Special diet menus (on request) Contactless check-in/check-out Health club Spa Beauty salon 24-hour security Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Wynn Las Vegas Top Las Vegas hotels The Venetian Resort Las Vegas 8.7 Excellent 3355 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at The Venetian Resort Las Vegas, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, a 9-minute walk from Fashion Show Mall and 11 minutes by foot from The Venetian Expo Center. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 2250000 square feet (209030 square meters), including a conference center. Free valet parking is available onsite. C$ 221 Avg. per night View Deals ARIA Resort & Casino 8.3 Excellent 3730 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With a stay at ARIA Resort & Casino, you'll be centrally located in Las Vegas, within a 10-minute walk of Dolby Live and Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. Planning an event in Las Vegas? This resort has facilities measuring 510000 square feet (47380 square meters), including a conference center. Self parking (subject to charges) is available onsite. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3708 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map With its own casino, Marquee Nightclub and a state-of-the-art spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It provides 5-star accommodation and views of the skyline. Those staying at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas can start their day at Boulevard Fitness Center, or use the various fitness amenities, including an outdoor pool and fitness classes. Couples will delight in the resort's features like valet parking and honeymoon suites. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas has 3033 rooms that are fitted with all the essentials to ensure an enjoyable stay. Guests can unwind in the comfortable sitting area. During their stay at The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas, guests can dine at Superfrico and relax with a drink at Marquee Dayclub. The resort also offers a daily breakfast that can be enjoyed in the breakfast room, or there is a range of well-known restaurants and cafés in the local area. The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas is ideally located for sightseeing in Las Vegas with Panorama Towers and Fountains of Bellagio within walking distance. Free parking is limited to one hour, and at an additional cost thereafter. C$ 242 Avg. per night View Deals The Palazzo 8.3 Excellent 3325 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map Facilities A lobby and a reception are available to guests. The upper floors are easily accessible using the lift. Amenities include a cloakroom and a safe. Internet access is available in public areas (for a fee). Gastronomic options offered by the hotel include a restaurant, a café and a bar. Shopping facilities are available. A garden is among the features contributing to a pleasant stay. A newspaper stand is also among the amenities at the hotel. Parking facilities available to guests include a garage and a car park. Additional services include room service, a laundry and a hairdressing salon. In addition, a conference room, a business centre and a fax machine are also available. Rooms All rooms feature air conditioning, central heating, a living room and a bathroom. Each accommodation unit features a double bed, a queen-size bed, a king-size bed or a sofa-bed. A safe, a minibar and a desk also feature. The accommodation units offer a range of amenities, including tea and coffee making equipment. An ironing set is also available to guests. Guests can enjoy a comfortable holiday with convenient amenities, including internet access, a telephone, a TV, a radio, a CD player, a DVD player, an alarm clock and wireless internet access. Slippers and the daily paper offer additional comfort. In each of the bathrooms, guests will find a shower, a bathtub, a hairdryer and bathrobes. Sports/Entertainment The hotel features an outdoor pool. Sun loungers and parasols offer the ideal way to unwind. A hot tub provides an opportunity for relaxation. The poolside bar serves a selection of refreshing drinks. Those wishing to enjoy sports whilst on holiday can have fun on-site with tennis. Guests of the hotel can enjoy indoor activities including a gym. Various wellness options are offered, including a spa, a sauna, a steam bath, a beauty salon, massage treatments, anti-aging treatments and a solarium. A casino and a nightclub offer guests additional recreational options. Payment All major credit cards, including American Express, VISA, Diners Club and MasterCard, are accepted for payment. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Las Vegas Hotels closest to Wynn Las Vegas Encore at Wynn Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 3131 Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel With its own casino, XS and a luxury spa, this Las Vegas resort offers a whole host of entertainment options. It has a fitness centre, as well as a Jacuzzi, an outdoor pool and a sauna. C$ 344 Avg. per night View Deals The Palazzo 8.3 Excellent 3325 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Situated within walking distance of Flamingo/Caesars Palace Monorail Station, The Palazzo at The Venetian r provides guests with an ideal base while in Las Vegas. It has a fitness centre, as well as an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and a swimming pool. C$ 157 Avg. per night View Deals Trump International Hotel Las Vegas 8.9 Excellent 2000 Fashion Show Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Ideally located in Las Vegas, Trump International Hotel Las Vegas offers modern accommodation an easy drive from Sands Expo and Convention Center. Some of the popular features on offer at this luxury 5-star hotel are a free shuttle service and a Jacuzzi. C$ 183 Avg. per night View Deals Treasure Island - TI Hotel & Casino, a Radisson Hotel 7.9 Good 3300 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Featuring views of Las Vegas Strip, TI - Treasure Island Hotel & Casino is situated in Las Vegas and features a Jacuzzi, a sauna and an outdoor pool so guests can unwind during their stay. It is located a short stroll from The Mirage and Wynn Las Vegas. C$ 114 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Las Vegas hotels Royal Vacation Suites 99 Convention Center Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Providing an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi, Royal Resort is situated in Las Vegas and is a brief walk from Clarion Hotel and Casino. The various amenities this peaceful hotel has to offer include a concierge, a 24-hour reception and luggage storage. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall 5.8 Okay 3330 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.3 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Wild Wild West Gambling Hall offers 3-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also provides a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. C$ 49 Avg. per night View Deals Excalibur Hotel & Casino 7.4 Good 3850 S. Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.1 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a 100,000-square-foot casino and an exclusive spa, this resort provides contemporary accommodation set within a unique castle-inspired property. It is also minutes from Las Vegas's well-known attractions and landmarks. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Four Queens Hotel and Casino 7.4 Good 202 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Queens Hotel and Casino is located in the heart of in Las Vegas and is within walking distance of Greyhound Bus Station. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Las Vegas Recommended hotels Homewood Suites by Hilton Las Vegas City Center 8.7 Excellent 4625 Dean Martin Drive, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 8.7 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Located in Las Vegas, Homewood Suites By Hilton Las Vegas City Center is within a 10-minute drive of McCarran International Airport and offers an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Place Las Vegas 8.4 Excellent 4520 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 7.6 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool, Hyatt Place Las Vegas is situated in Las Vegas and provides comfortable accommodation. Only a short walk from The Joint, it offers comfortable rooms equipped with wireless internet access and a refrigerator. C$ 194 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas 9.0 Excellent 3960 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas provides elegant 5-star accommodation in Las Vegas. It also features an express check-in and check-out feature, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool. C$ 458 Avg. per night View Deals Desert Paradise Resort 9.1 Excellent 5165 South Decatur Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV, United States Show on map 10.8 km from city centre, Las Vegas, NV, United States Boasting a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Desert Paradise Resort By Diamond Resorts is located in Las Vegas and offers comfortable accommodation. There is also a fitness centre with a swimming pool. C$ 122 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Wynn Las Vegas 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.0 ExcellentBased on 1,584 verified guest reviews 8.9Friends 9.0Couples 8.7Families 9.0Solo Traveller type: Friends Couples Families Solo Sort by: Date J 10.0 Excellent joebarb, Jun. 2018 I came to visit family and friends who live in Las Vegas. As a treat for my birthday I stayed at Wynn. I've done that a lot over the years. I always have a good time. T 8.7 Great tom, Apr. 2017 when I went to check in they told me my reservation was at the Encore. I showed them my confirmation that they were wrong. I believe they were trying to move me over there by telling me that the Wynn was full. they finally put me in the tower suites at the Wynn telling me it was an upgrade. That in my opinion was not the case. both of the rooms were on lower levels with not very good views. I'm thinking because I made the reservation through you guys and it was a better price they tried to mess with me. I would be interested in hearing from you about this situation. Other than that the hotel facilities were excellent and so were the dining options. Photos of Wynn Las Vegas All photos (60) Bedroom (12) Restaurant (8) Living room (5) Bar (4) Where is Wynn Las Vegas Most Popular Landmarks High Roller1.1 km Fountains of Bellagio1.7 km TPC Summerlin13.9 km Crystals at City Center2.2 km Stratosphere Tower2.4 km MGM Grand Garden Arena2.5 km Getting Around Las Vegas Fashion Show Mall0.2 km Las Vegas S Las Vegas Blvd0.9 km Las Vegas Harrah's Hotel1.0 km Las Vegas Caesars Palace / Strip1.2 km Las Vegas Bally's Hotel1.5 km Las Vegas Westgate Hotel1.8 km FAQs when booking at Wynn Las Vegas How close is Wynn Las Vegas to the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport? There are 4.9 km between the closest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, and Wynn Las Vegas. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 03m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport to Wynn Las Vegas? For the most freedom while visiting Las Vegas, consider renting a car for about C$ 32/day and parking it at Wynn Las Vegas where they offer parking spaces to hotel guests. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. Is there a pool at Wynn Las Vegas? Yes. HotelsCombined users traveling to Las Vegas often look for hotels with a pool available. Most hotels have pool hours, so be sure to ask the front desk at Wynn Las Vegas for pool rules and guidelines. How close is Wynn Las Vegas from the Las Vegas city center? Wynn Las Vegas is just 1.6 km away from the center of The Strip, Las Vegas. From Wynn Las Vegas you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Discovery Children's Museum. What is the Wynn Las Vegas phone number? If you have questions or concerns about your stay, call +1 702 770 7000 to talk to a Wynn Las Vegas front desk representative. Does Wynn Las Vegas have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Wynn Las Vegas has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Wynn Las Vegas? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Wynn Las Vegas. What is the check-out time at Wynn Las Vegas? 12:00 PM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Wynn Las Vegas, Las Vegas? On average, guests have been paying C$ 786 per night to stay at Wynn Las Vegas. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 152 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Is there a restaurant at Wynn Las Vegas? Yes, food can be ordered from the Wynn Las Vegas restaurant. Opening times may vary. A bar is also available on-site. Does Wynn Las Vegas have a laundry service? Wynn Las Vegas does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests also have access to an iron and an ironing board during their stay - either in the room, or by asking the front desk. How far is Wynn Las Vegas from Fountains of Bellagio? Wynn Las Vegas is a good place to stay to see Fountains of Bellagio. It’s 1.7 km away. Is Wynn Las Vegas close to Thomas and Mack Center? Thomas and Mack Center is also a popular place to see in Las Vegas. It is 3.3 km from Wynn Las Vegas. Home United States Hotels 934,693 Nevada Hotels 8,065 Las Vegas Hotels 3,752 Wynn Las Vegas Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
