https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Hotel_Xbalamque_Resort_Spa.htm
Xbalamque, Cancún | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Xbalamque Hotel Xbalamqué & Spa Cancún Centro Hotel Av. Yaxchilan No. 31, Centro, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico GoodBased on 1,931 reviews 7.0 C$ 46 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Xbalamque Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Xbalamque This Cancun hotel is located within a 10-minute walk of Cancun Bus Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. Guests can enjoy the sun on the terrace or have a beverage at the b... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.6 km Rating 7.0 Nearest airport Cancun Distance to airport 14.8 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +52 998 193 2720 All policies Amenities at Xbalamque Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Spa and wellness centre Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Linens Towels Fan Safety deposit box Feather pillow Fire extinguisher Elevator Laundry facilities Minibar Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Room service Shower Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Snack bar Outdoor pool Socket near the bed CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Tile/marble floor Air-conditioned Toilet Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Sauna Delivered food is securely covered Trash cans Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Free parking Conditioner Pool towels Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom Garden Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Storage available Show more Activities Massage Evening entertainment Karaoke Services Ticket service Babysitting or child care Car rental Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Spa Key access Beauty salon Show more All amenities Hotels Similar to Xbalamque Top Cancún hotels Excellence Playa Mujeres by The Excellence Collection - Adults Only 10.0 Excellent Prolongacion Bonampak Mz 1 Lt 10, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Playa Mujeres, this beachfront property is next to a golf course and within 1 mi (2 km) of Punta Sam Ferry Terminal and Mujeres Beach. Playa Mujeres Golf Club is 1.7 mi (2.7 km) away. C$ 737 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Ziva Cancun 9.0 Excellent Blvd. Kukulcan, Manzana 51, Lote 7, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera hotel is just steps from Delphinus Dreams and Gaviota Azul Beach. Cancun Convention Center and Forum Beach are also within 10 minutes. C$ 777 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Zilara Cancun - Adults Only 9.0 Excellent Blvd Kukulcan Km 11.5 HZ, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Located in Zona Hotelera, this beachfront property is in the entertainment district and within a 5-minute walk of Costa Occidental de Isla Mujeres National Park and Chac Mool Beach. La Isla Shopping Mall and Cancun Interactive Aquarium are also within 1 mi (2 km). C$ 741 Avg. per night View Deals Crown Paradise Club Cancun 7.7 Good Boulevard Kukulcan Km 18.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map Nestled on the beach, this Zona Hotelera property is within a 10-minute walk of Delfines Beach and El Rey Ruins. Aquaworld and Maya Cancun Museum are also within 3 mi (5 km). C$ 284 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Cancún Hotels closest to Xbalamque Hotel Hacienda Cancun 7.4 Good Av. Sunyaxchen Lote 39 y 40, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel The hotel is located in the heart of in Cancun and is within walking distance of Cancun Bus Station. It also offers an outdoor pool, a 24-hour reception and meeting rooms. C$ 40 Avg. per night View Deals The Quetzal 9.5 Excellent 10 Calle Orquideas, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Situated less than a 10-minute stroll from Cancun Bus Station, Hostel Quetzal offers guests an ideal base while visiting Cancun. This bed & breakfast is set in the heart of the city. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Hostel Mundo Maya Avenida Yaxchilan, 82 Sm.25 Manzana 8 Lote 82, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This Cancun hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Cancun Bus Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 36 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Luma by Kavia 8.0 Excellent Calle Claveles No. 109 LT. 1,3,3-A,5, 31, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Located a short walk from Cancun Bus Station, Hotel Kavia is an ideal base when visiting Cancun. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 64 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Cancún hotels Nirvana Hotel & Hostel - Cancun Hotel Zone 6.6 Good Av. Pok Ta Pok, Lote 4, Hotel Zone, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Nirvana Hostel Cancun is situated in Cancun and provides free Wi-Fi. Guests have access to a sun deck and an outdoor pool. C$ 19 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Downtown 7.3 Good Av. Tulum nº 75, Sm. 22, Mz. 26, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.8 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico The hostel is set amongst Cancun's popular tourist attractions, just a short walk from Cancun Bus Station. It is ideally situated in the city centre. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone 7.3 Good Blvd. Kukulcan 9, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Selina Cancun Laguna Hotel Zone provides a comfortable setting while in Cancun. It also features an outdoor pool, massage services and free Wi-Fi. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Franks house 'Shared House' 9.1 Excellent Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 7.1 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Frank's house Cancun provides a comfortable setting when in Cancun. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a Jacuzzi. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Cancún Recommended hotels Riu Cancun 7.1 Good Blvd. Kukulcan, Km 9, Manzana 50, Lote 5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 8.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring an on-site night club and a beauty centre, Riu Cancun All Inclusive is situated in Cancun and offers 4-star accommodation. It also provides an outdoor pool, a Jacuzzi and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 363 Avg. per night View Deals The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun 10.0 Excellent Carretera Cancun-Chetumal Km. 36.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 18.6 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Offering a private beach and an outdoor swimming pool, this 5-star resort is located in Cancun. It also offers a kids club, valet parking and a playground. C$ 708 Avg. per night View Deals Now Emerald Cancun 7.8 Good Blvd. Kukulkan Km 19.5, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 12.4 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Featuring outdoor tennis courts, a swimming pool and an infinity pool, Now Emerald Cancun is situated in Cancun and offers modern accommodation. It provides a day spa, as well as a sun deck, an all-inclusive meal plan and a sauna. C$ 292 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Antillano 7.7 Good Avenida Tulum y Claveles,1 Lote 20, Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Cancún, QR, Mexico Situated a short walk from Cancun Bus Station, Hotel Antillano is an ideal base when in Cancun. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Xbalamque 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.0 GoodBased on 1,931 verified guest reviews 7.0Families 6.7Couples 6.9Friends 7.0Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Xbalamque All photos (58) Bedroom (21) Bathroom (8) Other (4) Room amenity (4) Where is Xbalamque Most Popular Landmarks Iberostar Golf Club Cancun11.7 km Playa Delfines12.4 km Puerto Cancun2.2 km Playa Tortugas6.7 km Playa Gaviota Azul9.2 km Getting Around Cancún Autobuses del Centro0.4 km Cancún ADO Central bus station0.4 km Cancún Secrets The Vine Hotel10.0 km Cancún Hard Rock Hotel10.1 km Cancún Jw Marriott Resort & Spa10.2 km Cancún Paradisus10.4 km FAQs when booking at Xbalamque Is pricing at Hotel Xbalamqué & Spa Cancún Centro comparable to 3 star hotels in Cancún? Hotel Xbalamqué & Spa Cancún Centro is generally less than the average price of 3 stars hotels in Cancún. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 92 per night in Cancún. Hotel Xbalamqué & Spa Cancún Centro will run you C$ 57 per night, which is 55% cheaper than the Cancún average. How close is Hotel Xbalamqué & Spa Cancún Centro to the nearest airport, Cancun Airport? With no traffic, the 14.8 km drive between Hotel Xbalamqué & Spa Cancún Centro and Cancun Airport (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 0h 11m. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads. What is the best way for guests to get from Cancun Airport to Hotel Xbalamqué & Spa Cancún Centro? Getting from Cancun Airport to Hotel Xbalamqué & Spa Cancún Centro can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 20/day in Cancún. Luckily, Hotel Xbalamqué & Spa Cancún Centro has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from Cancun Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. Is there a pool at Hotel Xbalamqué & Spa Cancún Centro? Yes, Hotel Xbalamqué & Spa Cancún Centro has a pool for hotel guests. Generally, hotel pools have opening and closing times so be sure to speak to the front desk before using the pool. How close is Hotel Xbalamqué & Spa Cancún Centro from the Cancún city center? Hotel Xbalamqué & Spa Cancún Centro is just 2.3 km away from the center of Downtown, Cancún. From Hotel Xbalamqué & Spa Cancún Centro you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Playa Delfines. What is the Hotel Xbalamqué & Spa Cancún Centro phone number? For questions about Hotel Xbalamqué & Spa Cancún Centro and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +52 998 193 2720. Does Hotel Xbalamqué & Spa Cancún Centro have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Hotel Xbalamqué & Spa Cancún Centro has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Hotel Xbalamqué & Spa Cancún Centro? The standard check-out time at Hotel Xbalamqué & Spa Cancún Centro is 12:00 PM. Guests can usually check-in from 3:00 PM. Special arrangements may be available if discussed with the front desk. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Xbalamqué & Spa Cancún Centro, Cancún? C$ 20 per night is the best price found recently for a room at Hotel Xbalamqué & Spa Cancún Centro, with average deals around C$ 57 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see current prices. Is there a restaurant at Hotel Xbalamqué & Spa Cancún Centro? There is an on-site restaurant - contact Hotel Xbalamqué & Spa Cancún Centro for opening and last order times. A bar is also available on-site. Does Hotel Xbalamqué & Spa Cancún Centro have a laundry service? This accommodation does offer laundry services. How far is Hotel Xbalamqué & Spa Cancún Centro from Plaza de Toros? Plaza de Toros in Cancún is 1.5 km away from Hotel Xbalamqué & Spa Cancún Centro. Is Hotel Xbalamqué & Spa Cancún Centro close to Royal Yak Casino and Sports Book? Walking distance - there’s 2 km between Royal Yak Casino and Sports Book and Hotel Xbalamqué & Spa Cancún Centro. Home Mexico Hotels 75,656 Quintana Roo Hotels 22,290 Cancún Hotels 3,732 Xbalamque Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
