https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/XO_Hotels_Park_West.htm
Xo Hotels Park West, Amsterdam | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,811 Xo Hotels Park West Xo Hotels Park West Hotel Molenwerf 1, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands ExcellentBased on 6,727 reviews 8.4 C$ 92 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 ...and more Best Deals for Xo Hotels Park West Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Fri 18/11 - Sat 19/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Fri 18/11 Sat 19/11 Check prices ...and more About Xo Hotels Park West Situated a short stroll from Amsterdam Sloterdijk Railway Station, XO Hotels Park West offers guests a convenient base while in Amsterdam. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet in all areas. More Good to Know To Downtown 3.6 km Rating 8.4 Nearest airport Amsterdam Schiphol Distance to airport 10.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +31 202 629 260 All policies Amenities at Xo Hotels Park West Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available Terrace/Patio Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Elevator Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared lounge/TV area Room service Smoke alarms Heating Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Socket near the bed Key card access CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property No smoking Soundproofing Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Tea/coffee maker Cable or satellite TV Telephone Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Coffee machine TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Garden Private bathroom Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Designated smoking area Private entrance Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Library Bicycle rental Services Ticket service Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Concierge service Laundry service Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out Tour desk 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Xo Hotels Park West Top Amsterdam hotels Intercontinental Amstel Amsterdam, An IHG Hotel 8.8 Excellent Professor Tulpplein 1, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Behind the hotel’s grand colonnaded entrance, the regal interior features original, 19th-century staircases, chandeliers and elegant marble floors. You can enjoy an Afternoon Tea in the lounge or Mirror Room with river views, and wind down in the Health Club with a large indoor pool, saunas, massage rooms and a fitness area. Dine on locally inspired, seasonal dishes in the Amstel Restaurant, and discover the city with a tour on one of the hotel’s classic saloon boats. C$ 548 Avg. per night View Deals Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Dam 9, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map Set in a historic building that dates back to 1855, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam, formerly known as NH Collection Amsterdam Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky, is a landmark in Amsterdam. It is situated right on the main square and enjoys a privileged location overlooking the Royal Palace. Reach many of the city’s attractions on foot, such as the Van Gogh Museum, the Anne Frank House and the Rijksmuseum. Amsterdam Central Station is only seven minutes away. Recently renovated, Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam has 402 spacious contemporary rooms. There are 8 family rooms, 35 apartments with canal views and 10 premium triple rooms. Each has individually controlled air-conditioning, Nespresso machines, rain-effect showers and ultra-comfortable mattresses. The height of luxury is the Royal Suite, spread over two floors. A delectable breakfast is served daily in the grand 19th century Winter Garden. A perfect setting for a wedding, the hotel has 16 meeting rooms for up to 1500 people. Opened in April 2016, Michelin starred The White Room is a true gastronomic delight where Jacob Jan Boerma heads the kitchen. Grand Café Krasnapolsky is ideal for business lunches, enjoying views of the Dam Square. To unwind, head to Bar The Tailor and enjoy a cocktail. C$ 362 Avg. per night View Deals Pulitzer Amsterdam 8.8 Excellent Prinsengracht 323, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map With a stay at Pulitzer Amsterdam, you'll be centrally located in Amsterdam, just a 3-minute walk from Anne Frank House and 9 minutes by foot from Dam Square. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-in, and express check-out. This hotel has 7 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 514 Avg. per night View Deals Krasnapolsky Apartments 8.3 Excellent Dam 9, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map For long-term stays in Amsterdam, the luxurious Krasnapolsky apartments offer private accommodation in the heart of Amsterdam. Relax in this wonderful accommodation and benefit from all facilities of the NH Collection Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky. The apartments are spacious and consist of a fully equipped kitchen with a dish-washer, a spacious living room, a comfortable bedroom and a luxurious bathroom. TV with international channels, a washing machine and a tumble dryer are all available for your convenience. During your stay you can make use of all hotel facilities, such as valet parking and a team of concierge staff who are able to assist you with question about the city, book tickets and arrange tours. The hotels central location makes it possible to discover all interesting sights and attractions easily. There is a winter garden where you can have a delicious breakfast- or lunch buffet every morning. Furthermore, there are 2 restaurants where you can have a good dinner. At the Grand Café Krasnapolsky, guests can enjoy classical dishes prepared with a modern twist, as well as various types of teas and snacks. The White Room restaurant is awarded with a Michelin Star and serves modern cuisine. At Bar The Tailor, you can enjoy tailor made and award winning cocktails. C$ 279 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Amsterdam Hotels closest to Xo Hotels Park West Dutchies Hostel 8.0 Excellent Sara Burgerhartstraat 21-A, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.3 km from current hotel Dutchies Hostel is located in Amsterdam and offers free Wi-Fi. It also features a 24-hour reception, bicycle rental and luggage storage. C$ 41 Avg. per night View Deals Wow Amsterdam Hostel 5.6 Okay Wiltzanghlaan 60, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.5 km from current hotel Situated a short stroll from Amsterdam Sloterdijk Railway Station, the hotel provides guests with an ideal base when in Amsterdam. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property. C$ 149 Avg. per night View Deals Xo Hotels Blue Tower 7.9 Good Leeuwendalersweg 21, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.7 km from current hotel XO Hotels Blue Tower offers 4-star accommodation in Amsterdam. The various facilities this stylish hotel features include a dry cleaning service, a 24-hour reception and a tour desk. C$ 86 Avg. per night View Deals Urban Lodge Hotel 8.1 Excellent Arlandaweg 10, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 0.9 km from current hotel Located in Amsterdam, just a 10-minute walk from Amsterdam Sloterdijk Railway Station, Urban Lodge Hotel offers 4-star accommodation and free Wi-Fi. It also provides bicycle rental, a concierge and a 24-hour reception. C$ 124 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Amsterdam hotels Princess Hotel 5.3 Okay Overtoom 80-i, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Princess Hostel Leidse Square is situated in Amsterdam and offers complimentary wireless internet. It is conveniently located for those wishing to discover the area's attractions. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Amigo Budget Hostel 5.8 Okay Linnaeusstraat 199, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amigo Budget Hostel is set in Amsterdam and is within a short walk of nearby landmarks, such as Oosterpark. It provides good-value accommodation with free wireless internet access. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Via Amsterdam 8.0 Excellent 20 Diemerhof Via Amsterdam, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands This comfortable hostel in Amsterdam offers complimentary wireless internet, as well as luggage storage and a 24-hour reception. It also provides billiards, a designated smoking area and laundry facilities. C$ 28 Avg. per night View Deals Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati 5.5 Okay Sarphatipark 58, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 2.2 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Amsterdam Hostel Sarphati is a charming base when in Amsterdam and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers complimentary wireless internet. C$ 31 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Amsterdam Recommended hotels Apple Inn Hotel 7.9 Good Koninginneweg 93, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 3.0 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Apple Inn Hotel Amsterdam provides a comfortable setting while in Amsterdam. It is conveniently located for those wanting to discover the area's attractions. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Max Brown Hotel Museum Square 8.0 Excellent Jan Luijkenstraat 40 - 46, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Situated amongst a range of popular tourist attractions, boutiques and dining options, Max Brown Hotel Museum Square is ideal for those wanting to explore Amsterdam and its surroundings. It is located a short walk from Theater Bellevue and Leidseplein. C$ 138 Avg. per night View Deals Shelter Jordan Amsterdam Hostel Bloemstraat 179, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Located in Amsterdam City Centre, Shelter Jordan Christian Hostel is a short stroll to several local tourist attractions, including De Otter, the Homomonument and the Anne Frank House. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 54 Avg. per night View Deals Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel 8.6 Excellent Joan Muyskenweg 20, Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands Show on map 4.6 km from city centre, Amsterdam, Netherlands Van der Valk Hotel Amsterdam - Amstel is located in Amsterdam and features complimentary Wi-Fi. It also provides a sauna, massage services and an outdoor pool. C$ 162 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Xo Hotels Park West 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.4 GreatBased on 6,727 verified guest reviews 8.4Couples 8.4Families 8.3Solo 8.6Friends Traveller type: Couples Families Solo Friends Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Xo Hotels Park West All photos (60) Bedroom (20) Room amenity (7) Bathroom (5) Building (4) Where is Xo Hotels Park West Most Popular Landmarks Westerpark2.1 km Anne Frank Huis2.8 km Royal Palace Amsterdam3.3 km Rijksmuseum3.8 km Heineken Experience4.3 km NEMO4.6 km Getting Around Amsterdam Wiltzanghlaan0.5 km Amsterdam Sloterdijk0.7 km Amsterdam Leeuwendalersweg0.7 km Amsterdam Transformatorweg0.8 km Amsterdam Naritaweg0.9 km Amsterdam Burg.de Vlugtlaan0.9 km FAQs when booking at Xo Hotels Park West Is pricing at Xo Hotels Park West comparable to 4 star hotels in Amsterdam? Xo Hotels Park West is generally less than the average price of 4 stars hotels in Amsterdam. On average, you can expect to pay C$ 256 per night in Amsterdam. Xo Hotels Park West will run you C$ 121 per night, which is 65% cheaper than the Amsterdam average. How close is Xo Hotels Park West to the nearest airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport? At 10.3 km away, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport is the closest airport to Xo Hotels Park West. The average expected drive time from Xo Hotels Park West to Amsterdam Schiphol Airport is 0h 07m. It’s a good idea to research traffic trends between your hotel and the airport. What is the best way for guests to get from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport to Xo Hotels Park West? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Xo Hotels Park West guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Amsterdam. How close is Xo Hotels Park West from the Amsterdam city center? Xo Hotels Park West is 0.7 km away from the center of Sloterdijk, Amsterdam. Consider visiting Rijksmuseum, a popular landmark that can be accessed from Xo Hotels Park West by various forms of transportation. What is the Xo Hotels Park West phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +31 202 629 260. Does Xo Hotels Park West have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Xo Hotels Park West has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Xo Hotels Park West? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Xo Hotels Park West, Amsterdam? On average, guests have been paying C$ 121 per night to stay at Xo Hotels Park West. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 66 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Does Xo Hotels Park West have a laundry service? Yes, there are laundry services usually available at Xo Hotels Park West, Amsterdam. Guests can also use ironing facilities. How far is Xo Hotels Park West from Van Gogh Museum? Xo Hotels Park West is about 3.8 km from Van Gogh Museum, one of Amsterdam’s most popular landmarks. Is Xo Hotels Park West close to Anne Frank Huis? Xo Hotels Park West is a good choice to stay at if you want to visit Anne Frank Huis, which is 2.8 km away. Home Netherlands Hotels 27,817 North Holland Hotels 8,050 Amsterdam Hotels 2,811 Xo Hotels Park West Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
