https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/Yeah_Barcelona_Hostel.htm
Yeah Barcelona Hostel, Barcelona | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Spain Hotels 320,860 Catalonia Hotels 53,275 Barcelona Hotels 13,954 Barcelona Hotels 7,679 Yeah Barcelona Hostel Yeah Barcelona Hostel Hostel Carrer de Girona 176, Barcelona, Spain ExcellentBased on 4,542 reviews 9.1 C$ 36 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for Yeah Barcelona Hostel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About Yeah Barcelona Hostel Yeah Barcelona Hostel provides a comfortable setting while in Barcelona. It is set amongst a range of nightlife options and is within a 10-minute walk of Diagonal Metro Station. The hostel of... More Good to Know To Downtown 2.1 km Rating 9.1 Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 12:00 PM Internet Free Wi-Fi Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +34 935 310 135 All policies Amenities at Yeah Barcelona Hostel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Entire unit wheelchair accessible Reading light Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Shampoo Shared kitchen Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Hardwood or parquet floors Heating Shower Shower chair Accessible by elevator Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Socket near the bed CCTV in common areas No smoking Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Lockers Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper Toilet with grab rails All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Towels/sheets (extra fee) Clothes rack Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Parking (surcharge) Pool Desk Coffee shop Privacy curtain Private bathroom Walk-in shower 24hr front desk Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Hiking Board games/puzzles Services Ticket service Daily housekeeping Concierge service Multi-lingual staff Tour desk Key access 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Yeah Barcelona Hostel Top Barcelona hotels Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona Gl 8.6 Excellent Passeig de Gracia, 68, Barcelona, Spain Show on map With a stay at Majestic Hotel & Spa Barcelona, you'll be centrally located in Barcelona, steps from Passeig de Gracia and 3 minutes by foot from Casa Batllo. Featured amenities include a business center, express check-out, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and a meeting room. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 298 Avg. per night View Deals W Barcelona 8.4 Excellent Plaça Rosa Dels Vents, 1, Barcelona, Spain Show on map Step inside. See for yourself. Designed by world-renowned architect Ricardo Bofill, W Barcelona sets the scene for a spectacular stay. W Barcelona offers a combination of luxury and comfort in each of its 473 fabulous guestrooms and suites. This 5-star hotel is located on the beachfront along the famous Barceloneta Boardwalk. Each guestroom and suite provides panoramic views over the Mediterranean Sea and the city of Barcelona. C$ 380 Avg. per night View Deals Meliá Barcelona Sarrià 8.2 Excellent Avenida De Sarria 50, Barcelona, Spain Show on map The Meliá Barcelona Sarrià is a luxury city hotel with a strategic location in the financial, cultural and commercial heart of the city of Barcelona. Only 140 metres from Avenida Diagonal, 1.7km from Paseo de Gracia and 2.4km from the FC Barcelona Camp Nou stadium, it is the perfect option for business trips, cultural visits and shopping. Near the stops for the tourist bus, the hotel is also located in one of the city’s main cultural and entertainment districts. DISCOVER THE AUTHENTIC BARCELONA Enjoy a relaxed walk through the oldest streets of Gaudí´s City, while you discover fashionable restaurants and bar, the main shopping routes and the famous Illa de Barcelona, where you will find the most exclusive national and international brands. Meliá Barcelona Sarrià was the official headquarters and sponsor of the prestigious Conde Godó Tennis Open. There is no better way to get to know Barcelona than staying at the hotels in Barcelona of the Meliá brand. Book your hotel in Barcelona now! C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals Eurostars Bcn Design 5 Paseo De Gracia 29-31, Barcelona, Spain Show on map Located in Eixample, this luxury hotel is steps from Casa Amatller, Passeig de Gracia, and Casa Batllo. Placa de Catalunya and Casa Mila are also within 10 minutes. Passeig de Gracia Station and Barcelona Paseo de Gracia Station are within a 5-minute walk. C$ 169 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Barcelona Hotels closest to Yeah Barcelona Hostel Generator Barcelona 7.8 Good Carrer de Corsega, 377, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel Generator Barcelona provides stylish accommodation in Barcelona and is a short walk from Diagonal Metro Station. Rooms are air conditioned and a Wi-Fi connection is provided free of charge. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Bcnsporthostels 6.3 Good Carrer Perill, 26, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from current hotel This Barcelona hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Diagonal Metro Station. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a sauna and an indoor pool. C$ 25 Avg. per night View Deals Sweet Bcn Youth Hostel 8.5 Excellent Calle Bruc 123, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located in Barcelona City Centre, Sweet BCN Youth Hostel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including the Casa Batllo, Passeig de Gracia and Avinguda Diagonal. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 29 Avg. per night View Deals Hostal Martinval 8.1 Excellent Carrer De Bruc 117, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Located in Barcelona City Centre, Hostal Martinval is a short walk to several local tourist attractions, including Passeig de Gracia, La Pedrera Casa Mila and the Casa Batllo. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 75 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Barcelona hotels InOut Hostel Barcelona 7.6 Good Major Del Rectoret 2, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 7.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Inout is situated amongst Barcelona's well-known nightlife destinations, just a brief stroll from Baixador de Vallvidrera Metro Station. This unique hostel is a convenient base for discovering the local vineyards as it is located in Catalunya. C$ 23 Avg. per night View Deals Fabrizzio's Petit 9.0 Excellent Calle Bruc 65, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Located within a 10-minute walk of Passeig de Gracia Train Station, Fabrizzio's Petit is a convenient base while in Barcelona. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 24 Avg. per night View Deals Unite Hostel Barcelona 8.3 Excellent Av. D'Icària, 145-147, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Unite Hostel Barcelona provides comfortable 3-star accommodation in Barcelona. It is conveniently located for those wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals Hostal Paraiso 7.6 Good Ronda De Sant Pau, 55-57, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Hostal Paraiso Barcelona is located in Barcelona and offers free Wi-Fi. It is situated in close proximity to a number of popular bars, clubs and restaurants. C$ 27 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Barcelona Recommended hotels NH Collection Barcelona Pódium 8.6 Excellent Bailen 4-6, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain NH Collection Barcelona Podium is ideally situated in Barcelona, and features a rooftop terrace, a rooftop pool and a sauna. It provides 4-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 131 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Casa Fuster 8.8 Excellent Passeig De Gràcia, 132, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 2.3 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Offering a restaurant, bar and outdoor swimming pool, Casa Fuster Hotel is just a five-minute stroll from Diagonal Metro Station. Popular facilities, such as a Jacuzzi, a sauna and a rooftop terrace, ensure a satisfying stay in Barcelona. C$ 272 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel El Palace Barcelona 9.4 Excellent Gran Via De Les Corts Catalanes 668, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 1.0 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Conveniently located, Hotel El Palace Barcelona offers easy access to Barcelona's best hot spots. It features free Wi-Fi, a fitness centre and a swimming pool, and is within a 10-minute walk of Placa de Catalunya. C$ 340 Avg. per night View Deals Mercer House Boria Bcn 8.1 Excellent Carrer De Boria 24-26, Barcelona, Spain Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, Barcelona, Spain Situated in the city centre, Mercer House Boria BCN offers easy access to Barcelona's main retail and sightseeing areas. Featuring views of Barcelona Cathedral and Port Vell, it also provides a wide range of facilities, such as bicycle rental, a 24-hour reception and a rooftop terrace. C$ 264 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Yeah Barcelona Hostel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 9.1 ExcellentBased on 4,542 verified guest reviews 9.0Couples 9.1Solo 9.1Friends 9.0Families Traveller type: Couples Solo Friends Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Yeah Barcelona Hostel All photos (37) Bedroom (20) Bathroom (4) Other (4) Balcony (2) Where is Yeah Barcelona Hostel Most Popular Landmarks Passeig de Gracia0.8 km Sagrada Familia0.9 km Parc Güell1.9 km Cathedral of Barcelona2.0 km La Rambla2.1 km Palau Guell2.5 km Getting Around Barcelona Diagonal0.6 km Barcelona Girona0.8 km Barcelona Passeig de Gracia0.9 km Barcelona Sagrada Família1.0 km Barcelona Gràcia Fgc1.0 km Barcelona El Putxet i el Farró1.1 km FAQs when booking at Yeah Barcelona Hostel Is pricing at Yeah Barcelona Hostel comparable to 2 star hotels in Barcelona? In Barcelona, the average nightly rate for 2 stars hotels is C$ 134. The expected nightly rate for Yeah Barcelona Hostel is around C$ 141; a price that is 21% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Yeah Barcelona Hostel to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 2 stars hotel in Barcelona. How close is Yeah Barcelona Hostel to the nearest airport, Barcelona-El Prat Airport? At just 13.3 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Barcelona-El Prat Airport, to Yeah Barcelona Hostel is 0h 10m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to Yeah Barcelona Hostel? Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Yeah Barcelona Hostel guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Barcelona. Is there a pool at Yeah Barcelona Hostel? Yes. Many people visiting Barcelona look for a hotel with a pool. Yeah Barcelona Hostel has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regards to pool usage. How close is Yeah Barcelona Hostel from the Barcelona city center? Yeah Barcelona Hostel is just 0.7 km away from the center of Dreta de l'Eixample, Barcelona. From Yeah Barcelona Hostel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Sagrada Familia. What is the Yeah Barcelona Hostel phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +34 935 310 135. Does Yeah Barcelona Hostel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Yeah Barcelona Hostel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Yeah Barcelona Hostel? Check-out should be before 12:00 PM. For checking in at Yeah Barcelona Hostel, guests should plan for any time after 3:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Yeah Barcelona Hostel, Barcelona? Yeah Barcelona Hostel room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is C$ 141/night, with the best deals starting from C$ 26/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above. Does Yeah Barcelona Hostel have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Yeah Barcelona Hostel. How far is Yeah Barcelona Hostel from Placa d'Espanya? Yeah Barcelona Hostel is a walkable distance (3.1 km) from Placa d'Espanya, Barcelona. Is Yeah Barcelona Hostel close to Passeig de Gracia? Passeig de Gracia is also a popular place to see in Barcelona. It is 0.8 km from Yeah Barcelona Hostel. Home Spain Hotels 320,860 Catalonia Hotels 53,275 Barcelona Hotels 13,954 Barcelona Hotels 7,679 Yeah Barcelona Hostel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
