https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/YHA_Mei_Ho_House_Youth_Hostel.htm
Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel, Hong Kong | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Hong Kong Hotels 1,438 Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel Hostel Block 41, Mei Ho House, Hong Kong, Hong Kong ExcellentBased on 383 reviews 8.0 C$ 50 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel This cosy 3-star hostel is located within a 10-minute walk of Shek Kip Mei Station and provides a rooftop terrace. It is close to North Kowloon Magistracy, eateries and shops. There are a ran... More Good to Know To Downtown 1.1 km Rating 8.0 Nearest airport Hong Kong Intl Distance to airport 25.3 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +852 3728 3550 All policies Amenities at Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Window Electric kettle Entire unit wheelchair accessible Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Fire extinguisher Seating area Laundry facilities Elevator Flat-screen TV Packed lunches Shampoo Shared bathroom Shared kitchen Shared lounge/TV area Smoke alarms Shower Accessible by elevator Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Socket near the bed Alarm clock CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning No smoking Restaurant Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Body soap Hairdryer Lockers Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Toilet paper All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Towels/sheets (extra fee) Delivered food is securely covered Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Upper floors accessible by elevator Upper floors accessible by stairs Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Coffee shop Private bathroom Garden Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Storage available Show more Activities Hiking Board games/puzzles Services Conference rooms Ticket service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Contactless check-in/check-out 24-hour security All amenities Hotels Similar to Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel Top Hong Kong hotels Crowne Plaza Hong Kong Kowloon East 7.9 Good Tower 5, 3 Tong Tak Street, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Explore the contemporary Crowne Plaza Hong Kong Kowloon East. The spectacular Crowne Plaza Hong Kong Kowloon East is an international hotel located atop Tseung Kwan O MTR Station and PopCorn Shopping Mall, providing an easy starting point to travel freely around the city. The hotel is located in Kowloon and just 20 minutes to Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre (HKCEC). If in a leisurely mood, visit Sai Kung town for a fresh seafood lunch overlooking the beautiful South China Sea. All 359 guest rooms offers excellent city views, dining choices range from the all day dining buffet restaurant to Cantonese dining and a roof-top steakhouse and bar. Hi-tech connectivity makes it easy to stay in touch with business associates, friends and family. Fitness Center and a soothing spa featuring seven private treatment rooms will make you feel rejuvenated and restored. Enjoy a 25-meter outdoor swimming pool. Enjoy seamless service in one of Hong Kong’s largest, well equipped Grand Ballroom; it can accommodate 1000 guests with an energy that inspires success and is the ideal place for weddings. Be it for work, shopping or holiday, make Crowne Plaza Hong Kong Kowloon East your first choice in Hong Kong. C$ 134 Avg. per night View Deals Hyatt Centric Victoria Harbour Hong Kong 8.0 Excellent 1 North Point Estate Lane, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Located on the eastern side of Hong Kong Island, Hyatt Centric Victoria Harbour Hong Kong is a new hub for both business and lifestyle enjoyment which offers a glimpse of old and new Hong Kong. Just steps away from the North Point Ferry Pier, MTR station and Central-Wanchai Bypass, it only requires 10 minutes travel time to Central Business District. The rooftop outdoor infinity pool, 24-hours fitness center, and views of Victoria Harbour from your room will make your stay unforgettable C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals Regal Airport Hotel 7.7 Good 9 Cheong Tat Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Recognized as the World's Best Airport Hotel by Business Traveller UK Magazine, Regal Airport Hotel is conveniently connected to the passenger terminal of Hong Kong International Airport. It provides free Wi-Fi, a gym and an outdoor pool, and is within walking distance of SkyPlaza. The hotel boasts a range of luxurious amenities, such as a limousine service and OM Spa. Multilingual staff are available to assist with organising tours and activities, and an express check-in feature is offered. It also offers convenient facilities for business meetings and events. Regal Airport Hotel provides 1171 air conditioned rooms filled with all the essentials to ensure a comfortable stay. Each have their very own sitting area and a range of entertainment options, such as a flat-screen TV. Those staying at the hotel can enjoy breakfast each morning at Rouge & Dragon Inn, as well as dinner at The China Coast Bar + Grill in the evening. Lunch and dinner are served daily at Café Aficionado. Lunch and dinner are available in the hotel's elegant café. Regal Airport Hotel is within walking distance of AsiaWorld-Expo and Hong Kong Airport Duty Free Shop. Hong Kong Disneyland is within an easy car ride from the hotel. C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel 7.6 Good 3 Canton Road, Harbour City, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map With a stay at Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel in Kowloon (Tsim Sha Tsui), you'll be steps from 1881 Heritage and 3 minutes by foot from Victoria Harbour. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. C$ 119 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Hong Kong Hotels closest to Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel Le Prabelle Hotel 7.8 Good 372 Portland Street, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 1.2 km from current hotel Set in Mong Kok, Le Prabelle Hotel is within an easy walk of Langham Place, Mong Kok Stadium and Ladies Market. It is ideally located for guests wanting to sightsee in the area. C$ 82 Avg. per night View Deals Dorsett Mongkok, Hong Kong 7.9 Good 88 Tai Kok Tsui Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 1.4 km from current hotel Located in Tai Kok Tsui, Dorsett Mongkok Hong Kong offers 4-star accommodation and free Wi-Fi, a 24-hour reception and a concierge. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 106 Avg. per night View Deals Royal Plaza Hotel 8.3 Excellent 193 Prince Edward Road West, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 1.4 km from current hotel Royal Plaza Hotel Hong Kong offers 5-star accommodation, plus free Wi-Fi, a concierge and an outdoor pool. It is surrounded by a variety of well-known shops and is within a 10-minute walk of Prince Edward MTR Station. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Lodgewood by Nina Hospitality Mong Kok 7.9 Good 1131 Canton Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 1.4 km from current hotel Located in Mong Kok, this 4-star hotel is within easy walking distance of Ladies Market, Tung Choi Street and Langham Place. It is situated a brief stroll from Goldfish Street and Sai Yeung Choi Street. C$ 94 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Hong Kong hotels Mini Central 6.9 Good 38 Ice House Street, Central, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Central, this hotel offers good value accommodation. It is situated in the area's vibrant nightlife district, about a five-minute walk from Lan Kwai Fong and HSBC Main Building. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals Mini Hotel Causeway Bay 7.1 Good 8 Sun Wui Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Causeway Bay, this hotel is a five-minute walk from South China AA. It offers city views and free Wi-Fi. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View 6.7 Good No.88 Chun Yeung Street, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 4.8 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This modern hotel is situated in North Point, and offers free Wi-Fi, a rooftop pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel 7.4 Good 123 Mount Davis Path, Pokfulam, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 7.4 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Sai Wan, YHA Jockey Club Mt Davis Youth Hostel is five minutes from Mount Davis. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet throughout the property. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Hong Kong Recommended hotels Kowloon Shangri-La, Hong Kong 8.7 Excellent 64 Mody Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This modern 5-star hotel is situated in Tsim Sha Tsui and features a butler service. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and an indoor pool. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Cozi Oasis 7.5 Good 443 Castle Peak Road, Kwai Chung, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.7 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This hotel is situated within a 10-minute stroll of Kwai Hing Station. Guests also have exclusive access to the Lafayette Spa and Fitness centre. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Hong Kong Ocean Park Marriott Hotel 7.9 Good 180 Wong Chuk Hang Road, Aberdeen, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Featuring a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Hong Kong Ocean Park Marriott Hotel provides themed rooms close to Central Plaza. It is located a brief stroll from Hong Kong University Graduate Association College. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals Harbour Plaza Resort City 7.3 Good 18 Tin Yan Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 22.5 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Situated amongst local tourist attractions, Harbour Plaza Resort City Hong Kong is moments from Tin Shui Wai Sports Ground. It also offers a swimming pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.0 GreatBased on 383 verified guest reviews 8.1Friends 7.5Couples 8.3Solo 8.0Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date A 8.7 Great Anonymous, Jan. 2019 Saticfactory Photos of Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel All photos (33) Bedroom (8) Building (5) Other (5) Bathroom (3) Where is Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel Most Popular Landmarks Hong Kong Disneyland12.8 km Tin Shui Wai Park21.5 km AsiaWorld-Expo22.6 km Kowloon Park3.8 km Harbour City4.2 km Tsim Sha Tsui Clock Tower4.5 km Getting Around Hong Kong West Kowloon Railway Station3.5 km Hong Kong Hung Hom Railway Station4.1 km Hong Kong Cz6.0 km Hong Kong Tsuen Wan7.5 km FAQs when booking at Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel Is pricing at Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel comparable to 3 star hotels in Hong Kong? Hotels in Hong Kong that are rated 3 stars generally cost C$ 83/night, but on average, Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel is available for 16% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel for C$ 94/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit Hong Kong. How close is Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel from the Hong Kong city center? The center of Shek Kip Mei, Hong Kong, is just 0.4 km away from the front doors of Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as Ocean Park, which you can get to from Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel using any means of transportation. What is the Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel phone number? You can reach the front desk of Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel at +852 3728 3550. Does Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel, Hong Kong? Usually Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel room prices are around C$ 94/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 37/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel? Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel does have a restaurant. Does Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel have a laundry service? There’s a laundry service at Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel that can be used by guests. Home Hong Kong Hotels 1,438 Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
