https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/YHA_Jockey_Club_Mt_Davis_Youth_Hostel.htm
Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel, Hong Kong | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Hong Kong Hotels 1,438 Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel Hostel 123 Mount Davis Path, Pokfulam, Hong Kong, Hong Kong GoodBased on 163 reviews 7.4 C$ 47 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel Located in Sai Wan, YHA Jockey Club Mt Davis Youth Hostel is five minutes from Mount Davis. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet throughout the property. There are a variety of amenit... More Good to Know To Downtown 7.4 km Rating 7.4 Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +852 2817 5715 All policies Amenities at Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Enhanced cleaning Computer use available No smoking Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Terrace/Patio Parking Disabled Access Hairdryer Family rooms Linens Grill Sea view Laundry facilities Air-conditioned Shared bathroom Thermometers for guests provided by property Shared kitchen Shared lounge/TV area Heating Picnic area Physical distancing in dining areas Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Physical distancing rules Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Snack bar Garden Private parking CCTV in common areas Storage available Show more Activities Hiking Board games/puzzles Game room Services Shuttle service (free) Meeting/Banquet facilities Key access All amenities Hotels Similar to Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel Top Hong Kong hotels Hyatt Centric Victoria Harbour Hong Kong 8.0 Excellent 1 North Point Estate Lane, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Located on the eastern side of Hong Kong Island, Hyatt Centric Victoria Harbour Hong Kong is a new hub for both business and lifestyle enjoyment which offers a glimpse of old and new Hong Kong. Just steps away from the North Point Ferry Pier, MTR station and Central-Wanchai Bypass, it only requires 10 minutes travel time to Central Business District. The rooftop outdoor infinity pool, 24-hours fitness center, and views of Victoria Harbour from your room will make your stay unforgettable C$ 150 Avg. per night View Deals Regal Airport Hotel 7.7 Good 9 Cheong Tat Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Recognized as the World's Best Airport Hotel by Business Traveller UK Magazine, Regal Airport Hotel is conveniently connected to the passenger terminal of Hong Kong International Airport. It provides free Wi-Fi, a gym and an outdoor pool, and is within walking distance of SkyPlaza. The hotel boasts a range of luxurious amenities, such as a limousine service and OM Spa. Multilingual staff are available to assist with organising tours and activities, and an express check-in feature is offered. It also offers convenient facilities for business meetings and events. Regal Airport Hotel provides 1171 air conditioned rooms filled with all the essentials to ensure a comfortable stay. Each have their very own sitting area and a range of entertainment options, such as a flat-screen TV. Those staying at the hotel can enjoy breakfast each morning at Rouge & Dragon Inn, as well as dinner at The China Coast Bar + Grill in the evening. Lunch and dinner are served daily at Café Aficionado. Lunch and dinner are available in the hotel's elegant café. Regal Airport Hotel is within walking distance of AsiaWorld-Expo and Hong Kong Airport Duty Free Shop. Hong Kong Disneyland is within an easy car ride from the hotel. C$ 147 Avg. per night View Deals Royal Plaza Hotel 8.3 Excellent 193 Prince Edward Road West, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map Royal Plaza Hotel Hong Kong offers 5-star accommodation, plus free Wi-Fi, a concierge and an outdoor pool. It is surrounded by a variety of well-known shops and is within a 10-minute walk of Prince Edward MTR Station. Hotel Royal Plaza Hong Kong has a gym with cardiovascular equipment, a sauna and a swimming pool. Corporate amenities include meeting rooms. The hotel also has its very own gym, Swimming Pool. The rooms are equipped with an in-room closet, slippers and an in-room safe, and showcase views of the city. All are air conditioned and feature a telephone and a bathtub. The chic bar is a convenient place to enjoy a beverage after a meal at the restaurant, which serves seafood and international dishes for lunch and dinner. Room service is also available at certain times. Royal plaza HK is within walking distance of Canton Road, Ladies Market and Langham Place. Fa Yuen Street and Mong Kok Stadium are within walking a distance. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel 7.6 Good 3 Canton Road, Harbour City, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map With a stay at Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel in Kowloon (Tsim Sha Tsui), you'll be steps from 1881 Heritage and 3 minutes by foot from Victoria Harbour. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. C$ 119 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Hong Kong Hotels closest to Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel JEN Hong Kong by Shangri-La 8.3 Excellent 508 Queen's Road West, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 1.6 km from current hotel Boasting a popular location, JEN Hong Kong by Shangri-La showcases views of Victoria Harbour, and is a short walk from The University of Hong Kong. This elegant property is ideally situated in Sai Wan. C$ 119 Avg. per night View Deals Best Western PLUS Hotel Hong Kong 7.4 Good 308 Des Voeux Road West, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 2.1 km from current hotel Featuring views of Victoria Harbour and Hong Kong Macau Ferry Terminal, BEST WESTERN PLUS Hotel Hong Kong is located near a variety of restaurants and cafés, and treats guests to free Wi-Fi. This property is ideally located in Sai Wan. C$ 63 Avg. per night View Deals Courtyard by Marriott Hong Kong 8.2 Excellent 167 Connaught Road West, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 2.1 km from current hotel This 4-star hotel is located in Sai Wan, and provides a range of premium amenities including free Wi-Fi and a free shuttle service. Rooms are air conditioned and internet access is included free of charge. C$ 161 Avg. per night View Deals Grand City Hotel 5.7 Okay 338 Queen's Road West, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 2.2 km from current hotel This Sai Wan hotel is located in an area popular with tourists and is in close proximity to St. Paul's College and Hollywood Road Park. It also offers babysitting/child services, a 24-hour reception and a currency exchange. C$ 72 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Hong Kong hotels Mini Central 6.9 Good 38 Ice House Street, Central, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.3 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Central, this hotel offers good value accommodation. It is situated in the area's vibrant nightlife district, about a five-minute walk from Lan Kwai Fong and HSBC Main Building. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals Mini Hotel Causeway Bay 7.1 Good 8 Sun Wui Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.6 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Located in Causeway Bay, this hotel is a five-minute walk from South China AA. It offers city views and free Wi-Fi. C$ 37 Avg. per night View Deals Ramada by Wyndham Hong Kong Grand View 6.7 Good No.88 Chun Yeung Street, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 4.8 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This modern hotel is situated in North Point, and offers free Wi-Fi, a rooftop pool and an express check-in and check-out feature. It provides 3-star accommodation with air-conditioned rooms. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals Yha Mei Ho House Youth Hostel 8.0 Excellent Block 41, Mei Ho House, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 1.1 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This cosy 3-star hostel is located within a 10-minute walk of Shek Kip Mei Station and provides a rooftop terrace. It is close to North Kowloon Magistracy, eateries and shops. C$ 50 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Hong Kong Recommended hotels Kowloon Shangri-La, Hong Kong 8.7 Excellent 64 Mody Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 3.3 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This modern 5-star hotel is situated in Tsim Sha Tsui and features a butler service. It also provides free Wi-Fi, a sauna and an indoor pool. C$ 210 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Cozi Oasis 7.5 Good 443 Castle Peak Road, Kwai Chung, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 5.7 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong This hotel is situated within a 10-minute stroll of Kwai Hing Station. Guests also have exclusive access to the Lafayette Spa and Fitness centre. C$ 56 Avg. per night View Deals Hong Kong Ocean Park Marriott Hotel 7.9 Good 180 Wong Chuk Hang Road, Aberdeen, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 8.8 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Featuring a Jacuzzi and an outdoor pool, Hong Kong Ocean Park Marriott Hotel provides themed rooms close to Central Plaza. It is located a brief stroll from Hong Kong University Graduate Association College. C$ 166 Avg. per night View Deals Harbour Plaza Resort City 7.3 Good 18 Tin Yan Road, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Show on map 22.5 km from city centre, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Situated amongst local tourist attractions, Harbour Plaza Resort City Hong Kong is moments from Tin Shui Wai Sports Ground. It also offers a swimming pool, an express check-in and check-out feature and outdoor tennis courts. C$ 78 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.4 GoodBased on 163 verified guest reviews 7.5Friends 8.0Solo 7.2Couples 7.3Families Traveller type: Friends Solo Couples Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel All photos (25) Bedroom (6) Outdoors view (3) Bathroom (2) Building (2) Where is Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel Most Popular Landmarks Kowloon Bay Shopping Area10.6 km AsiaWorld-Expo19.0 km Tin Shui Wai Park23.4 km Soho3.2 km Lan Kwai Fong3.4 km Hong Kong Central Hospital3.5 km Getting Around Hong Kong Tsuen Wan10.2 km Hong Kong Cz4.0 km Hong Kong West Kowloon Railway Station5.3 km Hong Kong Hung Hom Railway Station6.4 km FAQs when booking at Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel Is pricing at Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel comparable to 2 star hotels in Hong Kong? The average rate for a night at Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel is 38% less than the Hong Kong average for similarly rated 2 stars hotels. The nightly rate at Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel is typically C$ 62, which is considered to be a good deal for a quality hotel room in Hong Kong. How close is Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel from the Hong Kong city center? Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel is just 0.8 km away from the center of Kennedy Town, Hong Kong. From Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Ocean Park. What is the Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +852 2817 5715. Does Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. What is the check-out time at Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel? Check-out should be before 11:00 AM. For checking in at Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel, guests should plan for any time after 4:00 PM on the day of their scheduled arrival. How much does it cost to stay at Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel, Hong Kong? On average, guests have been paying C$ 62 per night to stay at Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel. Some users have found rooms as low as C$ 42 per night. Enter your dates in the form above to see the price rates available for your stay. Does Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel. How far is Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel from Mid-levels Escalators? Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel is a walkable distance (3.4 km) from Mid-levels Escalators, Hong Kong. Home Hong Kong Hotels 1,438 Yha Jockey Club Mt. Davis Youth Hostel Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
