https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/YOTEL_New_York_at_Times_Square_West.htm
YOTEL New York, New York | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home United States Hotels 933,855 New York Hotels 27,645 New York Hotels 4,908 YOTEL New York YOTEL New York Hotel 570 Tenth Avenue, New York, NY, United States GoodBased on 3,773 reviews 7.2 C$ 207 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 ...and more Best Deals for YOTEL New York Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Sat 19/11 - Sun 20/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Sat 19/11 Sun 20/11 Check prices ...and more About YOTEL New York Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The New York Times Building. It offers complimentary Wi-Fi, meeting rooms and a 24-hour reception. This trendy hotel provides lu... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Rating 7.2 Nearest airport New York John F Kennedy Intl Distance to airport 22.6 km Policies Check-in time 3:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Wi-Fi available in all areas Policy Pets not allowed Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 646 449 7700 All policies Amenities at YOTEL New York Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Entire unit wheelchair accessible Family rooms Fire extinguisher Gift shop Laundry facilities Flat-screen TV Smoke alarms Heating Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests Hot tub Key card access No smoking Restaurant Bar/Lounge Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Laptop safe Express check-out Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Lowered sink Cable or satellite TV Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air-conditioned Non-feather pillow Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Outdoor furniture Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Parking (surcharge) Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Coffee shop Bathrobe Private bathroom 24hr front desk Private entrance Storage available Raised toilet Terrace/Patio Disabled Access Roll-in shower Linens Safety deposit box Seating area Elevator Shampoo Shower Iron and ironing board Accessible by elevator Adapter First-aid kit Snack bar Additional toilet Sofa Sofa bed Bathtub Soundproofing Spa bath Body soap Telephone Carpeted Refrigerator Toilet with grab rails City view Clothes rack Trash cans TV Upper floors accessible by elevator Conditioner Valet parking Desk Vending machine (snacks) Walk-in shower Wardrobe or closet Show more Activities Bicycle rental Fitness centre Services Business centre Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Fax/photocopying Concierge service Laundry service Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Key access 24-hour security Conference rooms Ticket service All amenities Hotels Similar to YOTEL New York Top New York hotels Kimpton Hotel Eventi 8.2 Excellent 851 Avenue of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Honoring our artful Chelsea address, Hotel Eventi offers a cutting edge design-centric escape in the heart of Manhttan — which occupies an entire city block. The result? Two restaurants led by an award-winning chef, two buzzing new bars and one stunning lobby that’s more like a warm-yet-vogue living room. If you can tear yourself away, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, High Line park and more are nearby. Share what you love to do, and we’ll curate a fresh New York experience, just for you. C$ 410 Avg. per night View Deals Mandarin Oriental, New York 8.8 Excellent 80 Columbus Circle At 60th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map With a stay at Mandarin Oriental, New York, you'll be centrally located in New York, steps from Central Park and 3 minutes by foot from Columbus Circle. Featured amenities include a business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours). C$ 813 Avg. per night View Deals 1 Hotel Central Park 8.5 Excellent 1414 Avenue Of The Americas, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in New York (Manhattan), 1 Hotel Central Park is a 4-minute walk from Carnegie Hall and 6 minutes by foot from Museum of Modern Art. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, limo/town car service, and express check-in. This hotel has 4 meeting rooms available for events. C$ 667 Avg. per night View Deals Westhouse Hotel New York 8.2 Excellent 201 West 55th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map Located in Manhattan, this hotel is within walking distance of The Museum of Modern Art, Central Park and Broadway. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and complimentary Wi-Fi. Guests can make the most of the outdoors on the terrace or have a drink at the lounge bar. For an easy and effortless arrival and departure experience, guests can benefit from the express check-in/check-out facility. WestHouse Hotel New York has 172 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include bathrobes, slippers and a hair dryer. New York City's popular tourist spots are within close proximity to WestHouse Hotel New York, with the New York City Center only five minutes away. Guests can also visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square. C$ 368 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in New York Hotels closest to YOTEL New York Travel Inn Hotel 515 West 42nd Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Located in Manhattan, this hotel provides good value accommodation. It is ideally positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 126 Avg. per night View Deals Distrikt Hotel New York City, Tapestry Collection by Hilton 7.6 Good 342 West 40th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Offering 4-star modern accommodation, Distrikt Hotel New York City is ideally located in Manhattan. It also offers an express check-in and check-out feature, a safe and free Wi-Fi. C$ 183 Avg. per night View Deals Holiday Inn Express New York City Times Square 6.5 Good 343 West 39th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel Holiday Inn Express - Times Square provides a modern setting while in New York City. It is close to The New York Times Building, shops and nightlife options. C$ 208 Avg. per night View Deals Candlewood Suites New York City- Times Square 7.6 Good 339 West 39th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.4 km from current hotel This modern hotel is in Manhattan, a short stroll to The New York Times Building. It also provides valet parking, an express check-in and check-out feature and free Wi-Fi. C$ 212 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap New York hotels Central Park West Hostel 5.0 Okay 201 West 87th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 3.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in the popular hub of Manhattan, Central Park West Hostel is within walking distance of several tourist attractions in the area. It is located a brief stroll from 257 Central Park West and Central Park West Historic District. C$ 57 Avg. per night View Deals Hi Nyc Hostel 8.3 Excellent 891 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY, United States Show on map 5.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Established in 1990, HI NYC Hostel is situated in Manhattan. It also provides free Wi-Fi. C$ 59 Avg. per night View Deals New World Hotel 3.6 Mediocre 101 Bowery, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.4 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Situated in Manhattan, World Hotel is within walking distance of several local tourist attractions, including Downtown Community Television Center and Canal Street. This hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 77 Avg. per night View Deals Washington Jefferson Hotel 6.3 Good 318 West 51st Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.7 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is situated in Manhattan, just a 10-minute walk from the New York City Center and the Radio City Music Hall. It is conveniently positioned for guests wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 80 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in New York Recommended hotels Placemakr Wall Street 8.6 Excellent 110 Wall Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 6.0 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Centrally situated, WeLive Wall Street allows for easy access to New York City's main hot spots. Guests can also take advantage of free Wi-Fi access throughout their stay. C$ 235 Avg. per night View Deals Modernhaus Soho 8.4 Excellent 27 Grand Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 4.1 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States Showcasing views of Hudson River and Manhattan, ModernHaus SoHo is centrally positioned and provides guests a optimal place to stay while in New York City. Some of the popular features provided at this trendy 5-star hotel include a rooftop terrace with garden views. C$ 483 Avg. per night View Deals Moxy NYC Chelsea 8.4 Excellent 105 West 28th Street, New York, NY, United States Show on map 1.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a short stroll from Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Madison Square Park. Guests can also make the most of complimentary internet in all areas. C$ 287 Avg. per night View Deals The Knickerbocker 8.4 Excellent 6 Times Square, New York, NY, United States Show on map 0.2 km from city centre, New York, NY, United States This hotel is located in Manhattan, just a five-minute walk to Times Square and Bryant Park. Popular facilities at this 5-star property include a roof terrace and free Wi-Fi. C$ 400 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for YOTEL New York 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 7.2 GoodBased on 3,773 verified guest reviews 7.2Friends 7.1Couples 7.1Solo 7.0Families Traveller type: Friends Couples Solo Families Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of YOTEL New York All photos (60) Bedroom (23) Other (8) Restaurant (7) Living room (5) Where is YOTEL New York Most Popular Landmarks Times Square0.9 km Broadway0.9 km Madison Square Garden1.0 km Bryant Park1.3 km Empire State Building1.4 km Carnegie Hall1.5 km Getting Around New York 375 W 42nd St0.3 km New York Port Authority0.5 km New York 11th Avenue and 36th Street0.5 km New York W 34th St and 11th Ave0.6 km New York 417 W 34th St0.6 km New York 201 West 37th St0.9 km FAQs when booking at YOTEL New York Is pricing at YOTEL New York comparable to 4 star hotels in New York? Hotels in New York that are rated 4 stars generally cost C$ 400/night, but on average, YOTEL New York is available for 37% less than the average rate in the area. You can usually enjoy a stay at YOTEL New York for C$ 337/night. This is a great deal for HotelsCombined users planning to visit New York. How close is YOTEL New York to the nearest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport? There are 22.6 km between the closest airport, New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, and YOTEL New York. The drive to the airport from the hotel should take you 0h 17m with a normal traffic flow. It’s important to take high traffic times into consideration, especially in metropolitan areas. What is the best way for guests to get from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to YOTEL New York? One of the more popular options today is to take a taxi or ridesharing service directly from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to the hotel. This option is often cost effective, but guests must keep a lookout for peak time rates. How close is YOTEL New York from the New York city center? YOTEL New York is just 0.4 km away from the center of Hell's Kitchen, New York. From YOTEL New York you can easily get to other popular landmarks such as Madison Square Garden. What is the YOTEL New York phone number? For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +1 646 449 7700. Does YOTEL New York have Wi-Fi available? Yes, YOTEL New York has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at YOTEL New York? Yes, YOTEL New York has a fitness center available to guests throughout their stay. What is the check-out time at YOTEL New York? 11:00 AM. If you require a later check-out we advise discussing it with the front desk as soon as you’re able to. Check-in time is 3:00 PM. How much does it cost to stay at YOTEL New York, New York? Usually YOTEL New York room prices are around C$ 337/night, with the cheapest deals starting from C$ 96/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay. Is there a restaurant at YOTEL New York? Yes, food can be ordered from the YOTEL New York restaurant. Opening times may vary. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available. Does YOTEL New York have a laundry service? Yes, there is a hotel laundry service for guests at YOTEL New York. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is YOTEL New York from Rockefeller Center? YOTEL New York is about 1.4 km from Rockefeller Center, one of New York’s most popular landmarks. Is YOTEL New York close to Times Square? Walking distance - there’s 0.9 km between Times Square and YOTEL New York. Home United States Hotels 933,855 New York Hotels 27,645 New York Hotels 4,908 YOTEL New York Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
