https://www.hotelscombined.ca/Hotel/YWCA_Hotel_Vancouver.htm
Ywca Hotel Vancouver, Vancouver | HotelsCombined Flights Hotels Cars More Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Ywca Hotel Vancouver Ywca Hotel Vancouver Hotel 733 Beatty Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada ExcellentBased on 1,050 reviews 8.3 C$ 139 Cheapest rate per night 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 ...and more Best Deals for Ywca Hotel Vancouver Set your travel dates to check availability and prices Mon 21/11 - Tue 22/11 1 room, 2 guests 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices 1 room, 2 guests Mon 21/11 Tue 22/11 Check prices ...and more About Ywca Hotel Vancouver Conveniently located, YWCA Hotel Vancouver allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This charming hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Va... More Good to Know To Downtown 0.7 km Rating 8.3 Nearest airport Vancouver Intl Distance to airport 10.5 km Policies Check-in time 4:00 PM Check-out time 11:00 AM Internet Free Wi-Fi Payment & Cancellation Policies vary by room type and provider. Front desk number +1 604 895 5830 All policies Amenities at Ywca Hotel Vancouver Top Features Parking Free airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa General Computer use available ATM on-site Radio Disabled Access Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Family rooms Linens Towels Safety deposit box Cribs available Laundry facilities Elevator Secured parking Flat-screen TV Free toiletries Shampoo Shared bathroom Shared toilet Heating Iron and ironing board Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Socket near the bed Alarm clock No smoking Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Parking Body soap Hairdryer Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Cable or satellite TV Telephone Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carpeted Air-conditioned Refrigerator Toilet Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Cleaning products Clothes rack Trash cans Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning TV Conditioner Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Desk Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Private bathroom Wardrobe or closet 24hr front desk Kitchenette Storage available Private parking Show more Activities Beach access Bicycle rental Fitness centre Services Wake-up service Daily housekeeping Meeting/Banquet facilities Multi-lingual staff Ski storage All amenities Hotels Similar to Ywca Hotel Vancouver Top Vancouver hotels Shangri-La Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 1128 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Situated within walking distance of Waterfront Station, Shangri-La Vancouver offers guests an ideal base when in Vancouver. This 5-star hotel provides views of Downtown Vancouver, plus a swimming pool. Guests can soak up the outdoors on the terrace or have a beverage at the bar. Free Wi-Fi is provided for guests wishing to stay online while travelling. It also has its very own wellness centre, CHI, The Spa. The rooms at Shangri-La Vancouver feature a mini bar, a private bathroom and a coffee maker. They offer floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen TV and a desk. The hotel's in-house restaurant, Market by Jean-Georges, is a popular spot to enjoy a meal. A selection of dining options can also be found in close proximity to the property. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring Vancouver with Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre within a 10-minute walk. It is also set amongst the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 384 Avg. per night View Deals The Douglas Autograph Collection 8.4 Excellent 45 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Visionary and independent, The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection provides an utterly uncommon experience in vibrant Parq Vancouver. Welcome to boutique facilities, sustainable design and unwavering attention to detail. Every aspect of our Vancouver, Canada, hotel is crafted to tell a story, from the local art in our pet-friendly hotel rooms and suites to our rooftop urban park, an extension of the awe-inspiring nature surrounding us in Vancouver, BC. Host small events in one of our riverview boardrooms, receptions in our glass-fronted Fairview Ballroom or conferences in our Parq Grand–the largest hotel ballroom space in Vancouver, Canada. D/6 is a sophisticated rooftop lounge with artisanal cocktails and incredible views while The Victor serves fresh, locally sourced seafood and steak. Gastown, Yaletown and lively False Creek are at your fingertips for you to explore. Visit us in downtown Vancouver and learn why The DOUGLAS, Autograph Collection is Exactly Like Nothing Else. C$ 304 Avg. per night View Deals JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Excellent 39 Smithe Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Indulge in a luxury hotel experience unlike any other at JW Marriott Parq Vancouver. With Western Canada's majestic mountaintops as its backdrop, our hotel boasts a distinct sense of place in British Columbia with beautifully-designed accommodations and impeccable service. Anchored by the stylish neighborhoods of Gastown and Yaletown, our hotel is at the epicenter of downtown Vancouver’s dynamic entertainment district near Rogers Arena, BC Place and Queen Elizabeth Theatre. After exploring the city's attractions, relax in our Spa by JW, workout in the hotel fitness center, enjoy world-class gaming or sample innovative regional cuisine in our distinct hotel restaurants and lounges. In the evening, retreat to waterfront, luxury accommodations with floor-to-ceiling windows and scenic city, ocean and mountain views. If visiting for business or social reasons, host your event in 60,065 square feet of venue space, including Vancouver's largest hotel ballroom. C$ 296 Avg. per night View Deals Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver 791 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map Centrally situated in a location which combines natural beauty with a global business and cultural centre, this modern hotel is a smart choice for both leisure and business trips. In just a few steps from the property, guests will reach Robson Square with its bars, nightclubs and a public transport stop. An array of shops can be found in the Pacific Centre, on the roof of which the hotel is situated. This air-conditioned city residence boasts a well-kept garden and comprises 372 rooms. The establishment also features an à la carte restaurant with a non-smoking area and highchairs for children. Business guests may use the conference room, and guests who wish to explore the area can take advantage of the bicycle hire service available on site. Additionally swimming pools, a hot tub and massage treatments are provided. C$ 66 Avg. per night View Deals See more top hotels in Vancouver Hotels closest to Ywca Hotel Vancouver Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown 6.8 Good 180 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Centrally located, Sandman Hotel Vancouver City Centre offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This modern hotel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 149 Avg. per night View Deals Georgian Court Hotel, BW Premier Collection 8.7 Excellent 773 Beatty Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.0 km from current hotel Located in Vancouver, Georgian Court Hotel BW Premier Collection offers stylish, 4-star accommodation close to BC Place Stadium. This modern hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 185 Avg. per night View Deals Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Vancouver-Downtown 8.2 Excellent 111 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Conveniently situated, Hampton Inn and Suites by Hilton- Downtown Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's popular sightseeing areas. This award-winning hotel is an ideal choice for exploring the local vineyards as it is set in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 201 Avg. per night View Deals Hotel Blu Vancouver 8.9 Excellent 177 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from current hotel Strategically located in the middle of the city, this 4-star hotel makes for an excellent base in Vancouver. It also features a sauna, a Jacuzzi and an indoor pool. C$ 241 Avg. per night View Deals See more nearby hotels Cheap Vancouver hotels Hi Vancouver Jericho Beach 7.2 Good 1515 Discovery Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 6.6 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada HI-Vancouver Jericho Beach offers 3-star accommodation in Vancouver. It is ideally located for guests wishing to visit local attractions. C$ 47 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Gastown 6.2 Good 310 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada This Vancouver hostel is located within a 10-minute stroll of Waterfront Station. It is conveniently situated in the city centre. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals Samesun Vancouver 7.5 Good 1018 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Located centrally, Samesun Vancouver offers easy access to Vancouver's main shopping and sightseeing areas. This historic hostel is an ideal base for exploring the local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 48 Avg. per night View Deals The Cambie Hostel Seymour 6.6 Good 515 Seymour Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.1 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Set in the centre of Vancouver, The Cambie Hostel Seymour is situated near Waterfront Station, and provides easy access to nearby bars and eateries. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access in all areas. C$ 51 Avg. per night View Deals See cheapest hotels in Vancouver Recommended hotels Times Square Suites 9.3 Excellent 1821 Robson Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 1.8 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Boasting views of Stanley Park, Times Square Suites is close to Vancouver's well-known attractions. It also offers a beauty centre, free Wi-Fi and a sun deck. C$ 203 Avg. per night View Deals West Coast Suites At Ubc 8.8 Excellent 5961 Student Union Blvd, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 9.9 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada West Coast Suites at UBC is located in Vancouver and offers free Wi-Fi. It is ideally positioned for those wanting to visit local attractions. C$ 225 Avg. per night View Deals Rosewood Hotel Georgia 9.2 Excellent 801 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.4 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Situated within a 10-minute walk of Waterfront Station, Rosewood Hotel Georgia is a convenient base when in Vancouver. This luxury hotel is set in the heart of the city. C$ 443 Avg. per night View Deals L'Hermitage Hotel 9.2 Excellent 788 Richards Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada Show on map 0.5 km from city centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada Conveniently located, L'Hermitage Hotel allows for easy access to Vancouver's best hot spots. This relaxed hotel is an ideal base for discovering local vineyards as it is situated in the Fraser Valley Wine Region. C$ 281 Avg. per night View Deals See other recommended hotels Reviews for Ywca Hotel Vancouver 100% verified.We collect and display reviews from only verified bookings made by real users with HotelsCombined or with our trusted external partners. 8.3 GreatBased on 1,050 verified guest reviews 8.3Friends 8.3Families 8.4Solo 8.2Couples Traveller type: Friends Families Solo Couples Sort by: Date No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Photos of Ywca Hotel Vancouver All photos (60) Bedroom (21) Bathroom (7) Kitchen (4) Lobby (4) Where is Ywca Hotel Vancouver Most Popular Landmarks BC Place Stadium0.2 km Rogers Arena0.3 km Pacific Centre Shopping Mall0.6 km TELUS World of Science0.9 km Science World at TELUS World of Science0.9 km Waterfront Centre0.9 km Getting Around Vancouver Georgian Court Hotel0.0 km Vancouver Waterfront Station0.8 km Vancouver Holiday Inn on Howe0.9 km Vancouver Burrard Skytrain Station1.0 km Vancouver Pacific Central Station1.2 km Vancouver Blue Horizon Hotel1.3 km FAQs when booking at Ywca Hotel Vancouver How close is Ywca Hotel Vancouver to the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport? At just 1.3 km apart, the expected drive time from the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, to Ywca Hotel Vancouver is 0h 01m. The estimated drive time may vary depending on high and low traffic times in the surrounding area. This is especially true for metro areas. What is the best way for guests to get from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Ywca Hotel Vancouver? Getting from Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport to Ywca Hotel Vancouver can be as easy as renting a car at the airport’s rental desk for, on average, C$ 33/day in Vancouver. Luckily, Ywca Hotel Vancouver has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Taking a taxi or rideshare service from the nearest airport, Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport, to your hotel is often the most cost effective transportation solution. How close is Ywca Hotel Vancouver from the Vancouver city center? The center of Downtown, Vancouver, is just 0.4 km away from the front doors of Ywca Hotel Vancouver. You can find many fellow tourists at places such as BC Place Stadium, which you can get to from Ywca Hotel Vancouver using any means of transportation. What is the Ywca Hotel Vancouver phone number? For assistance regarding your reservation at Ywca Hotel Vancouver please call +1 604 895 5830. Does Ywca Hotel Vancouver have Wi-Fi available? Yes, Ywca Hotel Vancouver has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests. Is there a gym or fitness center at Ywca Hotel Vancouver? Yes, there is a fitness center open to guests staying at Ywca Hotel Vancouver. What is the check-out time at Ywca Hotel Vancouver? Ywca Hotel Vancouver check-out time is 11:00 AM, though late check-out may be accommodated if agreed in advance with the hotel reception. How much does it cost to stay at Ywca Hotel Vancouver, Vancouver? A good deal at Ywca Hotel Vancouver right now is between C$ 110 and C$ 171 per night. Prices change based on dates and room type, so enter your requirements in the form above to see the best deals currently available. Does Ywca Hotel Vancouver have a laundry service? If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Ywca Hotel Vancouver. The property also has irons and ironing boards available for guest use. How far is Ywca Hotel Vancouver from TELUS World of Science? Ywca Hotel Vancouver is a walkable distance (0.9 km) from TELUS World of Science, Vancouver. Is Ywca Hotel Vancouver close to Rogers Arena? The distance from Ywca Hotel Vancouver to Rogers Arena is 0.3 km. Home Canada Hotels 51,795 British Columbia Hotels 16,980 Vancouver Hotels 1,235 Ywca Hotel Vancouver Hotels Hotels Hotels in Toronto Hotels in Vancouver Hotels in Las Vegas Hotels in New York Hotels in Niagara Falls Hotels in Montreal Hotels in Ottawa Hotels in Banff Hotels in Calgary Hotels in Whistler Hotels in Edmonton Hotels in Québec City Hotels in Seattle Hotels in Jasper Hotels in London Site Site Canada ©2022 HotelsCombined Search cheap hotels with HotelsCombined. Use the hotel finder to search for the cheapest hotel deal for all major destinations around the world. HotelsCombined searches hundreds of hotel booking sites to help you find hotels and book hotels that suit you best. Since HotelsCombined searches many hotel sites at once, you can find discount hotels quickly. Discover hotel discounts now and make your hotel reservation today.
