https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/jeju-air/id373053637
‎Jeju air on the App Store
    Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel App Store Preview Jeju air 4+ Jeju Air. co., Ltd 5.0 • 2 Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Description Korea’s largest LCC JEJU AIR introduces a renewed World-Wide application for our dearest customers. Enjoy our various services including simple flight booking and quick boarding service. We provide 24x365 seamless service so you can access to the Jeju Air application from anywhere in the world. [Main Service Functions] - Booking and management - Reserve seat, extra baggage, and in-flight meal with purchase - Check flight schedule, inquiry of departures and arrivals - News and Event, Promotion - Simple issue of domestic/international boarding pass - Provide 7 languages including Japanese, Korean, English, Simplified Chinese, Chinese, Thai, and Vietnamese - Notification services based on GPS within the airport - Useful contents on Airplane mode - Push notifications of real-time booking & boarding information - Simple payment service such as Kakao Pay, WeChat Pay, and Alipay. - Travel information for tourist who visit Jeju Island. - Offer various discount coupon for special price - Easy SNS Log-in through Facebook, Naver [Selective access rights] - Location: Find nearest airport, Beacon service What’s New Oct 18, 2022 Version 4.18.7 Mobile optimized application function and renewed design Ratings and Reviews 5.0 out of 5 2 Ratings 2 Ratings App Privacy The developer, Jeju Air. co., Ltd, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Used to Track You The following data may be used to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies: User Content Identifiers Usage Data Data Linked to You The following data may be collected and linked to your identity: Contact Info User Content Identifiers Data Not Linked to You The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: Location Usage Data Diagnostics Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller Jeju Air. co., Ltd. Size 70.7 MB Category Travel Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 12.0 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 12.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 12.0 or later. Languages English, Japanese, Korean, Simplified Chinese, Thai, Traditional Chinese, Vietnamese Age Rating 4+ Copyright © Jeju Air. co., Ltd. 2010 Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Wallet Get all of your passes, tickets, cards, and more in one place. You Might Also Like 코레일톡4 Travel 마이리얼트립 - 여행에 필요한 모든 것 Travel SRT - 수서고속철도(NEW) Travel Asiana Airlines Travel JINAIR Travel 야놀자 Travel More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
